0	A young girl is preparing to blow out her candle.
0	A kid is to blow out the single candle in a bowl of birthday goodness.
0	A little girl is getting ready to blow out a candle on a small dessert.
1	a young girl is preparing to tear out her candle.
1	a kid is to tear out the single candle in a bowl of birthday goodness.
1	a little girl is getting ready to tear out a candle on a small dessert.
0	A young girl inhales with the intent of blowing out a candle.
1	a happy girl inhales with the intent of blowing out a candle.
1	a happy girl is preparing to blow out her candle.
0	The bathroom has been cleaned and is ready to use.
1	the bathroom has been cleaned and is ready to hurl.
0	a bathroom with just a toliet and a sink in it
1	a bathroom with just a toliet and a sink at it
0	The bathroom is clean for the guests to use.
1	the bathroom is clean for the guests to hurl.
0	The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use.
1	the bathroom is clean and ready for us to hurl.
0	A tan toilet and sink combination in a small room.
1	a tan toilet and rise combination in a small room.
0	A bowl of oatmeal is ready to eat with some cinnamon and sugar.
1	a bowl of oatmeal is ready to crave with some cinnamon and sugar.
0	An airplane is about to fly into the sky.
1	an airplane is about to cruise into the sky.
0	a car is stopped in the street for people to cross
1	a car is stopped in the street for people to patrol
0	The giraffe is looking for a place to eat.
1	the giraffe is looking for a place to crave.
0	A giraffe is walking slowly on the grass as other giraffes walk ahead in a park.
1	a giraffe is walking quickly on the grass as other giraffes walk ahead in a park.
0	A giraffe leaning down and bending its knees to drink from a puddle
1	a giraffe leaning down and bending its knees to swig from a puddle
0	there are three different lights that show if u can walk
1	there are three different lights that show if u can hit
1	there are three like lights that show if u can walk
0	A busy city bus stop with people boarding the buses.
1	a busy city bus begin with people boarding the buses.
0	A giraffe reaching up to greet someone with food
1	a giraffe reaching up to tell someone with food
0	People are waiting on a corner to cross a street.
0	A man speaking to a crowd of people waiting to cross the street.
0	A large group of people on a corner waiting to cross the street.
0	A group of people are at an intersection to cross the street.
1	people are waiting on a corner to patrol a street.
1	a man speaking to a crowd of people waiting to patrol the street.
1	a large group of people on a corner waiting to patrol the street.
1	a group of people are at an intersection to patrol the street.
0	THERE IS A STREET SIGN MORGAN RD AND STOP SIGN
1	there is a street sign morgan rd and begin sign
0	A red door has a sign that says stop you must be over 18 to enter.
1	a red door has a sign that says begin you must be over 18 to enter.
0	Rows of black parking meters on street next to sand.
1	rows of black parking meters on street next to mulch.
0	There is a dump truck and pay loader and construction workers.
1	there is a dump truck and receive loader and construction workers.
0	A white vehicle with a flatbed designed to carry multiple bicycles on it.
1	a white vehicle with a flatbed designed to deliver multiple bicycles on it.
0	As a bus and motorcycles carry passengers an elephant is also seated to carry a man.
1	as a bus and motorcycles carry passengers an elephant is also seated to deliver a man.
0	A medium-sized elephant walks by a bus on the busy street.
1	a medium-sized elephant walks by a bus behind the busy street.
0	A road with motorcycle riders, a bus, a person riding an elephant and people walking on the side of the road.
1	a road on motorcycle riders, a bus, a person riding an elephant and people walking on the side of the road.
0	People ride on elephants to cross the river.
1	people ride on elephants to patrol the river.
0	an elephant using its trunk to blow the dirt off its face
1	an elephant using its trunk to tear the dirt off its face
0	An elephant raises its trunk to grab some twigs
0	An elephant using trunk to eat leaves on a tree.
1	an elephant raises its trunk to knock some twigs
1	an elephant using trunk to boil leaves on a tree.
0	A black suitcase with handles to help when rolling it around.
1	a black suitcase with handles to hurt when rolling it around.
0	a dog jumping in the air trying to catch a frisbee
1	a dog jumping in the air trying to miss a frisbee
0	A man watches as a dog prepares to jump for a frisbee.
1	a man watches as a dog prepares to fall for a frisbee.
0	The jacket doesn't really need to match the luggage.
1	the jacket doesn't really try to match the luggage.
0	A young girl is smiling while holding a luggage bag.
0	A young girl smiling as she holds the handle of her suitcase.
1	a happy girl is smiling while holding a luggage bag.
1	a happy girl smiling as she holds the handle of her suitcase.
0	A black dog being given broccoli to eat.
1	a black dog being given broccoli to crave.
0	A child getting ready to throw a frisbee to an adult.
1	a child getting ready to dodge a frisbee to an adult.
0	A young child holding a frisbee and posing in a throwing motion with a woman across from her.
1	a happy child holding a frisbee and posing in a throwing motion with a woman across from her.
0	A group of kids are standing in a circular fashion to play catch beside a waterfront.
1	a group of kids are standing in a circular fashion to watch catch beside a waterfront.
0	a large bear landing a large polar bear is in the background preparing to drink from the water
1	a large bear landing a large polar bear is in the background preparing to swig from the water
0	The two teens are on the sand dune, racing  to catch the frisbee.
1	the two teens are on the sand dune, racing to miss the frisbee.
0	Horse figurines next to walk on a table.
1	horse figurines next to hit on a table.
0	A set of three different plastic horse figurines.
0	Three different horse figurines are placed beside each other.
1	a set of three like plastic horse figurines.
1	three like horse figurines are placed beside each other.
0	A horse stops for a rest before it continues to pull a street car.
1	a horse stops for a rest before it continues to don a street car.
0	A group of knights are gathered around to perform.
1	a group of knights are gathered around to singe.
0	The performers at Medieval Times are dressed as knights in different colors.
1	the performers at medieval times are dressed as knights in like colors.
0	The baseball player is up to bat and ready to hit a homerun
1	the baseball player is up to miss and ready to hit a homerun
0	A Red Sox player stands at the ready at the plate.
1	a red sox player stands behind the ready at the plate.
0	A baseball player bending over to hit a ball.
1	a baseball player bending over to miss a ball.
0	A baseball player with one leg kicked up preparing to throw a ball
0	A baseball player prepares to throw the ball.
0	A man is leaning back to throw a ball
0	A male baseball player is preparing to throw the ball
1	a baseball player with one leg kicked up preparing to dodge a ball
1	a baseball player prepares to dodge the ball.
1	a man is leaning back to dodge a ball
1	a male baseball player is preparing to dodge the ball
0	A man on water skis prepares to jump the pole
1	a man on water skis prepares to fall the pole
0	A baseball player preparing to throw a pitch during a game.
1	a baseball player preparing to dodge a pitch during a game.
0	A person getting ready to use an apple slicer
1	a person getting ready to hurl an apple slicer
0	The dinner on the plate is ready to eat.
1	the dinner on the plate is ready to crave.
0	A person on skis is getting ready to throw a snowball.
0	A person is winding back to throw a snowball while on skis.
1	a person on skis is getting ready to dodge a snowball.
1	a person is winding back to dodge a snowball while on skis.
0	There are plenty of sandwiches to buy in the store.
1	there are plenty of sandwiches to build in the store.
0	A bespectacled man about to eat a donut in the park
1	a bespectacled man about to crave a donut in the park
0	tHERE ARE MANY DONUTS LAYED TO DRY ON A GRILL
1	there are many donuts layed to freeze on a grill
0	Man holding a ball he is about to throw.
1	man holding a ball he is about to dodge.
0	A bunch of kids are getting to ready to play soccer.
1	a bunch of kids are getting to ready to coach soccer.
0	Two men holding onto a knife about to cut a cake.
0	A man prepares to cut a cake while standing near another man.
1	two men holding onto a knife about to freeze a cake.
1	a man prepares to freeze a cake while standing near another man.
0	two men in suits cutting a wedding cake.
1	two men at suits cutting a wedding cake.
0	A man getting ready to kick a soccer ball.
1	a man getting ready to nail a soccer ball.
0	A soccer player gets ready to kick the ball.
0	A goalkeeper goes towards the ball, deciding where to kick it
0	A man about to kick a soccer ball on the field
1	a soccer player gets ready to nail the ball.
1	a goalkeeper goes towards the ball, deciding where to miss it
1	a man about to miss a soccer ball on the field
0	A young man kicking a soccer ball around a field.
1	a happy man kicking a soccer ball around a field.
0	The Asian man is deciding what to eat on the plate.
1	the asian man is deciding what to boil on the plate.
0	Man sitting at a small table behind a pizza.
1	man sitting over a small table behind a pizza.
0	A man sitting at a table with lots of food in front of him.
1	a man sitting behind a table with lots of food in front of him.
1	the asian man is deciding what to eat beside the plate.
0	There were two pizzas on the table ready to eat.
1	there were two pizzas on the table ready to crave.
0	A vegetable pizza is cut and ready to eat.
1	a vegetable pizza is cut and ready to crave.
0	A personal pizza and beer on a table
1	a personal pizza and beer with a table
0	Delicious looking pizza on table with some beer poured in a glass
1	delicious looking pizza on table with some beer poured over a glass
0	The bedroom is clean and ready for the guests to use.
1	the bedroom is clean and ready for the guests to hurl.
0	a crowd watching a girl ready to hit the tennis ball
0	A tennis player prepares to hit a ball during a match.
0	A female tennis player waiting for the ball to come down for the serve.
1	a crowd watching a girl ready to miss the tennis ball
1	a tennis player prepares to miss a ball during a match.
1	a female tennis player waiting for the ball to bring down for the serve.
0	A women is reaching to hit a tennis ball.
1	a women is reaching to miss a tennis ball.
0	a woman running across a tennis court  so she can hit the pall
1	a woman running across a tennis court so she can miss the pall
0	Several people stand in preparation to play an interactive video game.
1	several people stand in preparation to watch an interactive video game.
0	He is showing her how to hold the Nintendo Wii wand for best game results.
1	he is showing her how to seek the nintendo wii wand for best game results.
0	A person that just let go of a kite.
0	A man is about to fly a kite.
1	a person that just believe go of a kite.
1	a man is about to crash a kite.
0	A woman wearing a white shirt and black capris getting ready to fly a multi colored kite.
1	a woman wearing a white shirt and black capris getting ready to cruise a multi colored kite.
0	A batter in a baseball game ready to hit the ball.
0	A batter at a baseball game preparing to hit the ball.
0	a batter at home plate getting ready to hit the ball
1	a batter in a baseball game ready to miss the ball.
1	a batter at a baseball game preparing to miss the ball.
1	a batter at home plate getting ready to miss the ball
0	A baseball player up to bat during a baseball game.
1	a baseball player up to miss during a baseball game.
0	A man holding a baseball bat at the home plate on a field.
1	a man holding a baseball bat over the home plate on a field.
0	A referee and umpire behind a batter at a baseball game.
1	a referee and umpire behind a batter across a baseball game.
0	There is a baseball game going on the player is waiting to hit the ball, the umpire is at base.
0	There is dust coming out of the catcher's glove as a boy prepares to bat.
1	there is a baseball game going on the player is waiting to miss the ball, the umpire is at base.
1	there is dust coming out of the catcher's glove as a boy prepares to finish.
0	A catcher catches a baseball after a young kid swings and misses.
1	a catcher catches a baseball after a happy kid swings and misses.
0	This is a baseball player mid-swing about to hit the ball.
0	A baseball player reaching out the bat to hit a ball.
1	this is a baseball player mid-swing about to miss the ball.
1	a baseball player reaching out the bat to miss a ball.
0	The ballplayer waits in the batter's box, watching the umpire defend his call.
1	the ballplayer waits in the batter's box, watching the umpire attack his call.
0	A man teaching a child how to hit a ball of a tee.
0	He was standing behind her helping her hold the baseball bat.
1	a man teaching a child how to miss a ball of a tee.
1	he was standing behind her helping her seek the baseball bat.
0	The adult is helping a small child swing a bat at a t-ball stand.
1	the adult is helping a small child swing a bat upon a t-ball stand.
1	he was standing in her helping her hold the baseball bat.
0	A baseball player is up to bat while the crowd films the event.
1	a baseball player is up to miss while the crowd films the event.
0	A baseball player about to receive a pitch in a stadium full of people.
1	a baseball player about to pay a pitch in a stadium full of people.
0	The boy is getting ready to hit the ball with his bat.
0	a man holding a bat ready to kick a tennis
1	the boy is getting ready to miss the ball with his bat.
1	a man holding a bat ready to miss a tennis
0	A baseball player with the Cardinals getting ready to hit a baseball.
0	The man is getting ready to hit the ball in the baseball game.
1	a baseball player with the cardinals getting ready to miss a baseball.
1	the man is getting ready to miss the ball in the baseball game.
0	Little league baseball game player getting ready to hit the ball.
1	little league baseball game player getting ready to miss the ball.
0	A young baseball player in uniform getting ready to bat.,
1	a happy baseball player in uniform getting ready to bat.,
0	A catcher prepares to catch the ball if the batter misses.
1	a catcher prepares to miss the ball if the batter misses.
0	A group of adults plays baseball in an outdoor field.
1	a group of adults plays baseball in an indoor field.
0	A lot of children are learning to play tennis.
1	a lot of children are learning to watch tennis.
0	Photograph of an outdoor arena that looks great.
1	photograph of an indoor arena that looks great.
0	A tennis player is about to hit a tennis ball
1	a tennis player is about to miss a tennis ball
0	A man in sunglasses and a hat is getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
1	a man in sunglasses and a hat is getting ready to miss a tennis ball.
0	A tennis player attempts to hit a ball that's in the air.
1	a tennis player attempts to miss a ball that's in the air.
0	A doubles tennis match is about to commence.
1	a doubles tennis match is about to suspend.
0	A young boy is in a tennis court and has his hand with the racket up and ready to receive a tennis ball.
1	a young boy is in a tennis court and has his hand with the racket up and ready to pay a tennis ball.
0	Young boy on court playing tennis wearing red shirt.
1	happy boy on court playing tennis wearing red shirt.
1	a happy boy is in a tennis court and has his hand with the racket up and ready to receive a tennis ball.
0	A guy in a maroon shirt is holding a tennis racket out to hit a tennis ball.
0	A boy attempts to hit the tennis ball with the racquet.
1	a guy in a maroon shirt is holding a tennis racket out to miss a tennis ball.
1	a boy attempts to miss the tennis ball with the racquet.
0	A woman swinging her racket to hit a ball.
0	A woman prepares to hit a tennis ball.
0	A woman is playing tennis and about to hit the ball.
0	A woman is getting ready to hit a tennis ball with her racquet.
1	a woman swinging her racket to miss a ball.
1	a woman prepares to miss a tennis ball.
1	a woman is playing tennis and about to miss the ball.
1	a woman is getting ready to miss a tennis ball with her racquet.
0	A table with various foods ready to eat on plates and bowls.
1	a table with various foods ready to crave on plates and bowls.
0	A table laden with food features salad and olives and different bowl of foods.
1	a table laden with food features salad and olives and like bowl of foods.
0	A tub and and sink in a bathroom.
1	a tub and and rise in a bathroom.
0	A person is parking his car into aparking space where he will have to pay a parking meter
1	a person is parking his car into aparking space where he will have to receive a parking meter
0	Several vehicles and a horse drawn cart pull up outside of a building.
1	several vehicles and a horse drawn cart don up outside of a building.
0	A blue and yellow "book bus" is parked on the street.
1	a blue and white "book bus" is parked on the street.
0	There is a blue and yellow bus stopped with the words, Book Bus, on it.
1	there is a blue and yellow bus stopped with the words, book bus, behind it.
0	A close up of the push to walk button
1	a close up of the push to hit button
0	A city street with cars racing by fast under a street light.
1	a city street with cars racing by fast beside a street light.
0	A city street in winter with cars zooming by.
1	a city street at winter with cars zooming by.
0	A yellow plane is taking off to fly
1	a yellow plane is taking off to cruise
0	A tiny yellow plane prepares to take off.
1	a huge yellow plane prepares to take off.
0	a street light saying it is not okay to cross the street
1	a street light saying it is not okay to patrol the street
0	A traffic light hanging over a street next to cross walks.
1	a traffic light hanging over a street next to patrol walks.
0	A herd of sheep using a wooden bridge to cross a steam in a pasture.
1	a herd of sheep using a wooden bridge to patrol a steam in a pasture.
0	Three white sheep with black legs and faces, crossing a simple bridge over narrow waterway with lush green grass on both sides and four sheep in distance near lush leafy trees.
1	three white sheep with black legs and faces, crossing a hard bridge over narrow waterway with lush green grass on both sides and four sheep in distance near lush leafy trees.
0	Two Mallards float and drink water in a shallow pool.
1	two mallards float and swig water in a shallow pool.
0	Two ducks swimming on a very dirty pond.
1	two ducks swimming on a very cheap pond.
0	A woman petting a cat, and other picture with a be prepared to stop sign.
0	Two pictures: One of them is a woman petting a cat the other is a road sign saying be prepare to stop.
1	a woman petting a cat, and other picture with a be prepared to begin sign.
1	two pictures: one of them is a woman petting a cat the other is a road sign saying be prepare to begin.
0	A giraffe trying to eat leaves from a tree.
1	a giraffe trying to crave leaves from a tree.
0	A baby giraffe bending over to graze on the grass.
0	The giraffe is leaning down to eat the grass.
0	A giraffe bends down to graze on some grass.
1	a baby giraffe bending over to pierce on the grass.
1	the giraffe is leaning down to crave the grass.
1	a giraffe bends down to pierce on some grass.
0	A single young giraffe eats from a grassy field.
1	a single happy giraffe eats from a grassy field.
0	Two giraffes stand and eat food out of a basket.
1	two giraffes stand and crave food out of a basket.
0	A hard to miss street sign set between two traffic lights.
0	The sign is giving the directions while the traffic light is about to turn red
1	a hard to bounce street sign set between two traffic lights.
1	the sign is giving the directions while the traffic light is about to remain red
1	a simple to miss street sign set between two traffic lights.
0	A cow/bull is trying to graze on a rocky beach.
1	a cow/bull is trying to pierce on a rocky beach.
0	a yellow cat on top of stacked suit cases about to jump off
1	a yellow cat on top of stacked suit cases about to fall off
0	A young newly married couple cut their wedding cake.
1	a young newly married couple freeze their wedding cake.
0	A young couple cut a cake together at a wedding reception in a dim room.
1	a happy couple cut a cake together at a wedding reception in a dim room.
1	a happy newly married couple cut their wedding cake.
0	People are waiting to cross a street on a rainy day.
1	people are waiting to patrol a street on a rainy day.
0	A group of people walking on a rain soaked parking lot.
1	a group of people walking with a rain soaked parking lot.
0	a black and white picture of people walking in a street
1	a black and white picture of people walking over a street
0	People walk near a street in the rain.
1	people walk in a street in the rain.
0	People cross the street on a rainy day in the city.
1	people cross the street on a rainy day under the city.
1	people are waiting to cross a street with a rainy day.
0	A man and woman raise their glass for a toast.
1	a man and woman lower their glass for a toast.
0	A large group of people toasting at a celebration
1	a large group of people toasting across a celebration
0	A young couple in formal evening attire toasts the crowd.
1	a happy couple in formal evening attire toasts the crowd.
0	A man working in a liquor store pulls tape out to wrap a box.
1	a man working in a liquor store pulls tape out to weave a box.
0	A man carefully wrapping a customers purchase in a wine shop
1	a man carelessly wrapping a customers purchase in a wine shop
0	A dog jumping up into the air to catch a frisbee.
1	a dog jumping up into the air to miss a frisbee.
0	A man jumping over a group of people to catch a frisbee
1	a man jumping over a group of people to miss a frisbee
0	A young man jumping over a group of other young people to catch a frisbee.
1	a happy man jumping over a group of other young people to catch a frisbee.
0	A dog looking up and running to catch a frisbee.
1	a dog looking up and running to miss a frisbee.
0	A group of zebras relax and play together in a large field
1	a group of zebras relax and watch together in a large field
0	A man is bent over to catch a frisbee on the beach.
1	a man is bent over to miss a frisbee on the beach.
0	A young man in a bathing suit about to catch a Frisbee at the beach
1	a young man in a bathing suit about to catch a frisbee across the beach
1	a man is bent over to catch a frisbee upon the beach.
0	A man standing on a beach tossing a white frisbee.
1	a man standing with a beach tossing a white frisbee.
0	A person playing with a frisbee on a beach.
1	a person playing on a frisbee on a beach.
0	A man is catching a frisbee on the beach.
1	a man is catching a frisbee beside the beach.
1	a happy man in a bathing suit about to catch a frisbee at the beach
0	Two brown horses grazing in a field next to fence.
1	two brown horses grazing in a field next to swim.
0	A woman hold a brown horse while a woman watches.
1	a woman seek a brown horse while a woman watches.
0	A person in the ocean using something to shoot water into the air.
1	a person in the ocean using something to miss water into the air.
0	The food is on the table and ready to eat.
1	the food is on the table and ready to crave.
0	Crackers coated with spread, sitting on a plate, ready to eat.
1	crackers coated with spread, sitting on a plate, ready to crave.
0	A side by side picture of a boy about to throw a pitch, and then delivering the pitch.
1	a side by side picture of a boy about to dodge a pitch, and then delivering the pitch.
0	A boy in a pitchers pose then pitching a baseball.
1	a boy beside a pitchers pose then pitching a baseball.
0	A young pitcher throws a ball on the pitchers mound
0	Two photos of a young boy throwing a pitch.
1	a happy pitcher throws a ball on the pitchers mound
1	two photos of a happy boy throwing a pitch.
0	A bottle of good Shiraz sits beside a glass with some in it; something yummy to eat appears in the background.
1	a bottle of good shiraz sits beside a glass with some in it; something yummy to crave appears in the background.
0	A glass of red wine sits beside the bottle for a refill as a piece of cake goes untouched in the back.
1	a glass of red wine sits on the bottle for a refill as a piece of cake goes untouched in the back.
1	a bottle of good shiraz sits in a glass with some in it; something yummy to eat appears in the background.
0	A bottle of wine and a glass on a table.
1	a bottle of wine and a glass in a table.
0	A partially-full glass of wine with a partially-full bottle sit on a table.
1	a partially-full glass of wine with a partially-full bottle sit beside a table.
0	A skier bending down to gain momentum as she goes down the slope.
1	a skier bending down to lose momentum as she goes down the slope.
0	Two women on a line work to make sandwiches.
1	two women on a line work to destroy sandwiches.
0	The person stands at the white counter to eat the tomato and cheese pizza.
1	the person stands at the white counter to crave the tomato and cheese pizza.
0	a young man attempting to jump down some steps on a skateboard
1	a young man attempting to fall down some steps on a skateboard
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a flight of stairs.
1	a happy man attempting to jump down some steps on a skateboard
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a flight of stairs.
0	people gather around and sit at a table around a birthday cake
1	people gather around and hang at a table around a birthday cake
0	Heavily topped cut up pizza sitting on a peel.
1	heavily topped freeze up pizza sitting on a peel.
1	lightly topped cut up pizza sitting on a peel.
0	A blurry image of pizza with a fork, knife and drink
1	a blurry image of pizza with a fork, knife and swig
0	Tennis player about to hit the ball back to opponent.
0	A tennis player is preparing to hit the ball.
0	A tennis player in a blue and white outfit preparing to hit a tennis ball.
1	tennis player about to miss the ball back to opponent.
1	a tennis player is preparing to miss the ball.
1	a tennis player in a blue and white outfit preparing to miss a tennis ball.
0	a boy or young man about to eat a large piece of pizza
0	An Asian man prepares to eat a giant piece of pizza.
1	a boy or young man about to crave a large piece of pizza
1	an asian man prepares to crave a giant piece of pizza.
0	The young man is preparing to take a bite of his pizza.
1	the happy man is preparing to take a bite of his pizza.
1	a boy or happy man about to eat a large piece of pizza
0	A man and a young boy play a wii game together.
0	A man is teaching a young boy to play the wii.
0	a man and a small kid play a video game
1	a man and a young boy watch a wii game together.
1	a man is teaching a young boy to watch the wii.
1	a man and a small kid watch a video game
1	a man and a happy boy play a wii game together.
1	a man is teaching a happy boy to play the wii.
0	An overweight man leans back in order to play a video game.
1	an overweight man leans back in order to watch a video game.
0	A young man plays a video game standing up.
1	a happy man plays a video game standing up.
0	A boy using his Wii controller to play.
1	a boy using his wii controller to watch.
0	A man prepares to hit the ball in Wii golf.
1	a man prepares to miss the ball in wii golf.
0	The boy is running as he tries to fly his kite.
1	the boy is running as he tries to cruise his kite.
0	A pitcher getting ready to hit a baseball.
0	a man uses a bat gets ready to try and hit a ball
1	a pitcher getting ready to miss a baseball.
1	a man uses a bat gets ready to need and hit a ball
0	A guy up to bat in a action in a baseball game.
1	a guy up to miss in a action in a baseball game.
0	A young man holding a baseball while wearing a uniform.
1	a happy man holding a baseball while wearing a uniform.
0	A baseball player is getting ready to bat.
1	a baseball player is getting ready to miss.
0	a guy waiting to hit a ball with two rackets in his hands
1	a guy waiting to miss a ball with two rackets in his hands
0	A tennis player is getting ready to hit a ball.
1	a tennis player is getting ready to miss a ball.
0	Lady throwing up ball to hit with tennis racket.
0	A girl preparing to hit a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
1	lady throwing up ball to miss with tennis racket.
1	a girl preparing to miss a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
0	a male tennis player is on the court about to hit the ball
1	a male tennis player is on the court about to miss the ball
0	A woman is on a tennis court getting ready to hit a ball.
1	a woman is on a tennis court getting ready to miss a ball.
0	A man holding a tennis racket getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
0	A male tennis player stands on court and prepares to hit the ball.
1	a man holding a tennis racket getting ready to miss a tennis ball.
1	a male tennis player stands on court and prepares to miss the ball.
0	A laptop is connected with many wires in order to charge the equipment.
1	a laptop is connected with many wires in order to suspect the equipment.
0	He must need two computers for his job.
1	he must try two computers for his job.
0	An adult helps a young child hold a hair dryer.
1	an adult helps a young child seek a hair dryer.
1	an adult helps a happy child hold a hair dryer.
0	The kitchen is clean and ready for us to use.
1	the kitchen is clean and ready for us to hurl.
0	A juicer is used to make fresh orange juice.
1	a juicer is used to destroy fresh orange juice.
0	A orange and a juicer on a counter.
1	a orange and a juicer over a counter.
0	A glass of orange juice sitting under a juicer.
1	a glass of orange juice sitting across a juicer.
0	A juicer has a glass and an orange on top.
1	a juicer has a glass and an orange beside top.
0	The glass shower enclosure doesn't leave anything to the imagination.
1	the glass shower enclosure doesn't appear anything to the imagination.
0	A rusted area in the floor where a toilet used to sit.
1	a rusted area in the floor where a toilet used to hang.
1	a rusted area at the floor where a toilet used to sit.
0	there is a very dirty rusted outline of a toilet
1	there is a very cheap rusted outline of a toilet
0	The bathroom is clean and ready to use.
1	the bathroom is clean and ready to hurl.
0	A cat with a stare that could kill looking straight ahead.
1	a cat with a stare that could defend looking straight ahead.
0	Is he trying to stop the other man from crossing?
1	is he trying to begin the other man from crossing?
0	A young man has his foot placed on a pole while another looks on.
1	a young man has his foot placed beside a pole while another looks on.
0	Two men hang out by a pole on a sunny day.
1	two men hang out by a pole in a sunny day.
0	Two standing guys waiting at a bus stop.
1	two standing guys waiting upon a bus stop.
0	One man has his put on the pole and the other man has his hand on it.
1	one man has his put in the pole and the other man has his hand on it.
1	a happy man has his foot placed on a pole while another looks on.
0	I don't know what  this image is that the birds are on.
1	i don't feel what this image is that the birds are on.
0	Giraffes, zebras and gazelles linger and drink from a watering hole.
1	giraffes, zebras and gazelles linger and swig from a watering hole.
0	Many different animals drinking water in the desert.
1	many different animals drinking water beside the desert.
0	Giraffes, gazelles, and zebras gathered at a watering hole in Africa.
1	giraffes, gazelles, and zebras gathered at a watering hole over africa.
1	many like animals drinking water in the desert.
0	a giraffe bending down to drink from a body of water
1	a giraffe bending down to swig from a body of water
0	LARGE GIRAFFE SPREADING OUT HIS LONG LEGS TO GET A DRINK
1	large giraffe spreading out his short legs to get a drink
0	A sheep is nestled under a hanging feeder to create the effect that he is carrying a ladder.
1	a sheep is nestled under a hanging feeder to destroy the effect that he is carrying a ladder.
0	A giraffe trying to cross a dirt road quickly.
1	a giraffe trying to patrol a dirt road quickly.
0	A man pretending to punch a giraffe sculpture.
0	A man is pretending to hit a statue of a giraffe.
1	a man pretending to hug a giraffe sculpture.
1	a man is pretending to miss a statue of a giraffe.
0	A young man is playing with a giraffe
1	a happy man is playing with a giraffe
0	A giraffe standing on a fence to eat some grass.
1	a giraffe standing on a fence to crave some grass.
0	A giraffe eats leaves from a basket in an enclosure.
1	a giraffe eats leaves from a basket at an enclosure.
0	A giraffe at a zoo eating some grass.
1	a giraffe across a zoo eating some grass.
0	A giraffe behind a fences reaches for the hay in the basket.
1	a giraffe below a fences reaches for the hay in the basket.
1	a giraffe standing beside a fence to eat some grass.
0	A locomotive crossing on a street with the arm down to stop traffic as the train is passing through.
1	a locomotive crossing on a street with the arm down to begin traffic as the train is passing through.
0	Stop sign and rubbish bin in residential neighborhood
1	begin sign and rubbish bin in residential neighborhood
0	Stop sign with a street sign for Bugg Lane.
1	begin sign with a street sign for bugg lane.
0	a pole with a stop sign and a funny street sign
1	a pole with a stop sign and a dull street sign
0	A parking meter that has a sign to end homelessness on it.
1	a parking meter that has a sign to continue homelessness on it.
0	Only a child would leave a toy in between two parking meters.
1	only a child would appear a toy in between two parking meters.
0	a black cat sitting in front of a tv while someone is trying to watch tv
1	a black cat sitting in front of a tv while someone is trying to hate tv
0	The black cat is ready to help get the computer work done.
1	the black cat is ready to hurt get the computer work done.
0	A pretty young lady using a laptop computer with a black cat on top of it.
1	a pretty happy lady using a laptop computer with a black cat on top of it.
0	A few people are getting to know one another in affection.
1	a few people are getting to feel one another in affection.
1	a few people are getting to know one another under affection.
0	two men sitting at a table and talking to others
1	two men sitting behind a table and talking to others
0	Two men are sitting at a world economic panel.
1	two men are sitting behind a world economic panel.
0	A man speaking at the World Economic Forum with someone else in the background.
1	a man speaking across the world economic forum with someone else in the background.
0	A family getting ready to leave to go somewhere.
1	a family getting ready to appear to go somewhere.
0	People in a hotel standing near many different luggage containers.
1	people in a hotel standing near many like luggage containers.
0	A girl jumping to catch the frisbee thrown.
0	Woman leaping in air to catch flying disc in large open field.
1	a girl jumping to miss the frisbee thrown.
1	woman leaping in air to miss flying disc in large open field.
0	A yellow dog runs to grab a yellow frisbee in the grass
0	A tan dog leaping to catch a Frisbee
1	a yellow dog runs to knock a yellow frisbee in the grass
1	a tan dog leaping to miss a frisbee
0	a brown Labrador is getting ready to jump off a bed
1	a brown labrador is getting ready to fall off a bed
0	The pitcher beings to throw the baseball from the mound
1	the pitcher beings to dodge the baseball from the mound
0	A pitcher is just about to throw a good fastball.
0	Professional baseball player about to throw the ball
1	a pitcher is just about to dodge a good fastball.
1	professional baseball player about to dodge the ball
0	a little girl hold a bundle of bananas
1	a little girl seek a bundle of bananas
0	A little league baseball player is swinging the bat to hit the ball.
1	a little league baseball player is swinging the bat to miss the ball.
0	A catcher catching a baseball behind a batter.
1	a catcher catching a baseball below a batter.
0	a couple of young kids play a game of basketball
1	a couple of happy kids play a game of basketball
0	A little league baseball player is getting ready hit the ball with his bat.
0	A catcher is ready to catch the ball after it crosses the plate.
1	a little league baseball player is getting ready miss the ball with his bat.
1	a catcher is ready to miss the ball after it crosses the plate.
0	A batter tries to hit a pitch in a baseball game.
1	a batter tries to miss a pitch in a baseball game.
0	A young man swinging a baseball bat on a field.
0	a young male hitting a baseball bat on first base in a baseball field
1	a happy man swinging a baseball bat on a field.
1	a happy male hitting a baseball bat on first base in a baseball field
0	a small kid with a baseball glove on gets ready to play
1	a small kid with a baseball glove on gets ready to watch
0	A young boy who is in baseball uniform in position.
1	a happy boy who is in baseball uniform in position.
0	A baseball player prepares to throw out a pitch.
1	a baseball player prepares to dodge out a pitch.
0	A cool guy on skiis does a trick down a hil
1	a cool guy on skiis does a pity down a hil
0	A skier leaning to turn on a snow covered hill.
1	a skier leaning to remain on a snow covered hill.
0	The girl is about to eat her extra-long hot dog.
1	the girl is about to crave her extra-long hot dog.
0	A girl with a large long sandwich in her hands.
0	A young lady is holding a foot-long and posing for the camera.
0	The young girl orders a sandwich that is really big.
1	a girl with a large short sandwich in her hands.
1	a happy lady is holding a foot-long and posing for the camera.
1	the happy girl orders a sandwich that is really big.
0	A tasty looking sandwich that is cut in half to eat.
1	a tasty looking sandwich that is cut in half to crave.
0	A photo of a person sitting at a table getting ready to eat a delicious meal.
1	a photo of a person sitting at a table getting ready to crave a delicious meal.
0	Bride and Groom shown attempting to cut their cake together.
1	bride and groom shown attempting to freeze their cake together.
0	A hand reaches out to grab a piece of pizza
1	a hand reaches out to knock a piece of pizza
0	Some home baked pizza slices are ready to eat.
1	some home baked pizza slices are ready to crave.
0	a woman jumping in the air so she can hit a tennis ball with her racket
1	a woman jumping in the air so she can miss a tennis ball with her racket
0	Professional tennis player about to make contact with the ball
1	professional tennis player about to destroy contact with the ball
0	a girl is about to hit the tennis ball
1	a girl is about to miss the tennis ball
0	A pretty young lady walking across a tennis court.
1	a pretty happy lady walking across a tennis court.
0	A tennis player about to hit a tennis ball
1	a tennis player about to miss a tennis ball
0	A female tennis player wearing red and preparing to hit a tennis ball.
0	A tennis player getting ready to hit a ball on a clay court.
1	a female tennis player wearing red and preparing to miss a tennis ball.
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss a ball on a clay court.
0	Two little girls and a woman sitting at a table preparing to eat some pizza.
1	two little girls and a woman sitting at a table preparing to crave some pizza.
0	A man playing tennis with his racket raised to receive the ball.
1	a man playing tennis with his racket raised to pay the ball.
0	Man playing tennis with tennis racket on court
1	man playing tennis with tennis racket in court
0	A man on a court standing with a tennis racket.
1	a man beside a court standing with a tennis racket.
0	A man in glue shirt and white shorts playing tennis.
1	a man under glue shirt and white shorts playing tennis.
0	A man with a racket stands on a court.
1	a man with a racket stands beside a court.
0	A tennis player trying to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player trying to miss the ball.
0	Male tennis player gets ready to hit the tennis ball.
1	male tennis player gets ready to miss the tennis ball.
0	Two men using nintendo wii remotes to play a game
1	two men using nintendo wii remotes to watch a game
0	A living room/dining room where a family would sit
1	a living room/dining room where a family would hang
0	The people hold their phone up and make hand motions at the event.
1	the people hold their phone up and destroy hand motions at the event.
0	Several young people are enjoying a concert and recording via phones.
1	several happy people are enjoying a concert and recording via phones.
0	A woman swings her hand out to hit a ball as people are staring in the background.
0	a woman getting ready to hit a tennis ball
1	a woman swings her hand out to miss a ball as people are staring in the background.
1	a woman getting ready to miss a tennis ball
0	The lounge chairs are waiting for the kite fliers to finish.
1	the lounge chairs are waiting for the kite fliers to clock.
0	Batter winds up ready to hit the baseball
1	batter winds up ready to miss the baseball
0	A professional baseball player in batting stance with bullpen in background.
1	a professional baseball player in batting stance with bullpen at background.
0	A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game.
1	a batter, catcher and umpire under a baseball game.
0	A man with a bat stands at a base.
1	a man with a bat stands upon a base.
0	One of the Twins baseball players is up to bat.
1	one of the twins baseball players is up to miss.
0	the batter is ready to hit the ball
0	a man with a bat ready to kick a tennis ball
1	the batter is ready to miss the ball
1	a man with a bat ready to miss a tennis ball
0	A boy is preparing to play on a sport field.
1	a boy is preparing to watch on a sport field.
0	A young man standing on top of a field holding a baseball bat.
1	a happy man standing on top of a field holding a baseball bat.
0	A little girl preparing to hit a baseball with a bat.
1	a little girl preparing to miss a baseball with a bat.
0	A young boy stands at bat in a park.
0	A young person at bat in a baseball game.
1	a happy boy stands at bat in a park.
1	a happy person at bat in a baseball game.
0	A baseball player holding a bat ready to hit a baseball.
1	a baseball player holding a bat ready to miss a baseball.
0	A baseball player getting ready to bat while a person watches.
0	The young boy is trying to hit the baseball during the game.
1	a baseball player getting ready to miss while a person watches.
1	the young boy is trying to miss the baseball during the game.
0	A boy in green jersey playing in a baseball game.
1	a boy in green jersey playing under a baseball game.
0	a little league player at home plate holding a bat
1	a little league player beside home plate holding a bat
1	the happy boy is trying to hit the baseball during the game.
0	A man about to hit a tennis ball in the air.
1	a man about to miss a tennis ball in the air.
0	The young man tennis player is serving the ball.
1	the happy man tennis player is serving the ball.
0	A man prepares to hit the tennis ball with his racket.
1	a man prepares to miss the tennis ball with his racket.
0	A tennis player jumping to hit the tennis ball.
0	A man who is playing tennis reaches up to smack a tennis ball.
1	a tennis player jumping to miss the tennis ball.
1	a man who is playing tennis reaches up to crack a tennis ball.
0	A man throwing a tennis ball to hit with a tennis racket.
1	a man throwing a tennis ball to miss with a tennis racket.
0	a man runs on the court during a tennis match to hit a ball
0	A person prepares to hit a tennis ball while many people watch from the stands.
1	a man runs on the court during a tennis match to miss a ball
1	a person prepares to miss a tennis ball while many people watch from the stands.
0	A tennis player throws the ball up to make a serve.
1	a tennis player throws the ball up to destroy a serve.
0	A tennis player jumps up to hit a ball
1	a tennis player jumps up to miss a ball
0	A woman in white dress playing a game of tennis.
1	a woman at white dress playing a game of tennis.
0	A tennis player is out on the court
1	a tennis player is out over the court
0	A person serving a tennis ball on a tennis court.
1	a person serving a tennis ball in a tennis court.
0	Boy rides skateboard and does trick over stairs.
1	boy rides skateboard and does pity over stairs.
0	Bathroom with many towels hanging to dry out.
1	bathroom with many towels hanging to freeze out.
0	The bathroom toilet is clean and ready for customers to use.
1	the bathroom toilet is clean and ready for customers to hurl.
0	some kind of nasty bathroom that I would never use.
1	some kind of nasty bathroom that i would never hurl.
0	Someone on their motorcycle is about to pump gas.
1	someone on their motorcycle is about to divert gas.
0	Two jets trailing smoke make a tight turn above a crowd of spectators.
1	two jets trailing smoke destroy a tight turn above a crowd of spectators.
0	A group of giraffes all trying to eat off the same branch.
1	a group of giraffes all trying to crave off the same branch.
0	two large giraffes outside and one is trying to grab something
1	two large giraffes outside and one is trying to knock something
1	two large giraffes inside and one is trying to grab something
0	a giraffe leaning over so it can drink some water
1	a giraffe leaning over so it can swig some water
0	A skier is getting equipped and ready to perform.
1	a skier is getting equipped and ready to singe.
0	A bus coming up the road to stop at a bus stop.
1	a bus coming up the road to begin at a bus stop.
0	A man on park bench in flooded area next to harbor.
1	a man on park bench in flooded area next to voice.
0	a man sitting on a bench in a slightly flooded area
1	a man sitting over a bench in a slightly flooded area
0	A bench is surrounded by water as a man sits on it.
1	a bench is surrounded by water as a man sits over it.
1	a man beside park bench in flooded area next to harbor.
0	a bench on a flooded surface near a tree
1	a bench on a flooded surface in a tree
0	A ban sitting on a bench during a flood.
1	a ban sitting upon a bench during a flood.
0	A WHITE GOAT CLIMBING UP TO EAT SOME GRASS
1	a white goat climbing up to crave some grass
0	A street sign and stop sign on the same pole at and intersection.
1	a street sign and begin sign on the same pole at and intersection.
0	Group of giraffes leaning forward to eat out of a feeding area.
1	group of giraffes leaning forward to crave out of a feeding area.
0	A man prepares to cross the street at a crosswalk
0	Couple of people standing at an intersection waiting to cross.
1	a man prepares to patrol the street at a crosswalk
1	couple of people standing at an intersection waiting to patrol.
0	A woman dressed in a hat, tie, jeans and cut off gloves.
1	a woman dressed in a hat, tie, jeans and freeze off gloves.
0	A right lane must turn right sign in front of a yellow building.
1	a right lane must remain right sign in front of a yellow building.
0	STOP SIGN WITH A RED CART SITTING BESIDE IT ON A STREET CORNER
1	begin sign with a red cart sitting beside it on a street corner
0	Stop sign pointing to two lanes to stop in
1	begin sign pointing to two lanes to stop in
0	A road and stop sign at an intersection by a large tree.
1	a road and begin sign at an intersection by a large tree.
0	A stop sign in foreground of a tree in fall
1	a stop sign under foreground of a tree in fall
0	A stop sign on the corner of Lynden Avenue and South Street.
1	a stop sign over the corner of lynden avenue and south street.
0	a close up of a stop sign under a street sign
1	a close underneath of a stop sign under a street sign
0	A oool lookign stop sign by a murky bog hill
1	a oool lookign begin sign by a murky bog hill
0	A stop sign at a corner in a rural area, above a storm drain.
1	a stop sign at a corner in a urban area, above a storm drain.
0	Dairy cows line up against a barber wire fence to graze the sweeter grass.
1	dairy cows line up against a barber wire fence to pierce the sweeter grass.
0	A person is getting ready to ride on top of an elephant.
1	a person is getting ready to pull on top of an elephant.
0	an elephant heading for the water to cool off
1	an elephant heading for the water to fuel off
0	The cat and dog looked like they have an agreement to ignore each other.
1	the cat and dog looked like they have an agreement to accept each other.
0	Older woman holding out her hands preparing to catch a frisbee.
0	A woman holds her hands out to catch a frisbee
1	older woman holding out her hands preparing to miss a frisbee.
1	a woman holds her hands out to miss a frisbee
0	Little girl is outside ready to play with someone.
1	little girl is outside ready to watch with someone.
0	A young standing in grass, pointing and holding a Frisbee.
1	a happy standing in grass, pointing and holding a frisbee.
0	Young girl about to throw a frisbee in a park.
1	young girl about to dodge a frisbee in a park.
0	A young girl holds a Frisbee at a park.
0	A young girl wearing a pink hat holding a Frisbee.
1	a happy girl holds a frisbee at a park.
1	a happy girl wearing a pink hat holding a frisbee.
1	happy girl about to throw a frisbee in a park.
0	A group of people collide while trying to catch a frisbee.
1	a group of people collide while trying to miss a frisbee.
0	A group of young men standing around a volley ball court.
1	a group of happy men standing around a volley ball court.
0	A bunch of zebras gather together to eat hay.
1	a bunch of zebras gather together to crave hay.
0	A batter up to bat at a baseball game.
1	a batter up to miss at a baseball game.
0	a professional pitcher on the mound getting ready to throw the ball
1	a professional pitcher on the mound getting ready to dodge the ball
0	A mountain climber is ready to climb the snowy mountain.
1	a mountain climber is ready to edge the snowy mountain.
0	A man is trying to pull off a skateboarding trick on his ramp.
1	a man is trying to don off a skateboarding trick on his ramp.
0	A skater prepares to drop in from the top of a ramp.
0	A skate board rider doubled over getting ready to make a jump.
1	a skater prepares to average in from the top of a ramp.
1	a skate board rider doubled over getting ready to destroy a jump.
0	An individual is about to slice the cake in pieces.
1	an individual is about to crush the cake in pieces.
0	A man about to cut out a piece of cake
1	a man about to freeze out a piece of cake
0	A young man is trying to pull off a skateboarding trick over a large rock.
1	a young man is trying to don off a skateboarding trick over a large rock.
1	a happy man is trying to pull off a skateboarding trick over a large rock.
0	A person is on a skateboard trying to ride a wall.
1	a person is on a skateboard trying to pull a wall.
0	A young man is doing a trick on a skate board.
1	a happy man is doing a trick on a skate board.
0	The man is trying to eat three hot dogs are the same time.
1	the man is trying to crave three hot dogs are the same time.
0	A woman tennis player prepares to hit the ball.
0	A woman prepares to make a backhand shot in a tennis match.
1	a woman tennis player prepares to miss the ball.
1	a woman prepares to accept a backhand shot in a tennis match.
0	A table with a plates of food and drink arranged on top.
1	a table with a plates of food and swig arranged on top.
0	That does not look like something I would want to eat.
1	that does not look like something i would hate to eat.
0	A very long table full of different kinds of food, which people are lining up to eat
1	a very long table full of different kinds of food, which people are lining up to crave
0	A long buffet table of food with people standing around it.
1	a very long table full of like kinds of food, which people are lining up to eat
1	a narrow buffet table of food with people standing around it.
0	A person getting ready to cut up a pizza on a blue table.
1	a person getting ready to freeze up a pizza on a blue table.
0	An uncut pizza sits on a serving plate
1	an uncut pizza sits beside a serving plate
0	There is a large pizza on a plate
1	there is a large pizza upon a plate
0	A delicious pizza sitting on a table next to a bottle of alcohol.
1	a delicious pizza sitting behind a table next to a bottle of alcohol.
1	a person getting ready to cut up a pizza over a blue table.
1	an trimmed pizza sits on a serving plate
0	A man is preparing to hit a tennis ball.
1	a man is preparing to miss a tennis ball.
0	a woman swinging to hit a tennis ball
1	a woman swinging to miss a tennis ball
0	A young blond woman swinging a tennis racquet at a ball.
1	a happy blond woman swinging a tennis racquet at a ball.
0	A male tennis player swings his racket to hit an oncoming ball.
1	a male tennis player swings his racket to miss an oncoming ball.
0	The man is playing tennis on the court.
1	the man is playing tennis upon the court.
0	A professional tennis player about to make his serve
0	A professional tennis player getting set to make a serve
1	a professional tennis player about to destroy his serve
1	a professional tennis player getting set to destroy a serve
0	A brunette male tennis player stands ready to receive a serve.
1	a brunette male tennis player stands ready to pay a serve.
0	Tennis player prepares to play with racket in his hands.
1	tennis player prepares to watch with racket in his hands.
0	A man is in position to play tennis on a court.
1	a man is in position to watch tennis on a court.
0	A man wearing a head band prepares to hit the ball.
1	a man wearing a head band prepares to miss the ball.
0	A tennis player prepares to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player prepares to miss the ball.
0	A small girl gets ready to hit a tennis ball.
0	A young child attempting to hit a tennis ball.
1	a small girl gets ready to miss a tennis ball.
1	a young child attempting to miss a tennis ball.
0	A young girl swings a tennis racket at a ball
0	A young girl hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket
1	a happy girl swings a tennis racket at a ball
1	a happy girl hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket
1	a happy child attempting to hit a tennis ball.
0	A tennis player prepares to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player prepares to miss the ball.
0	A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a man holding a tennis racquet beside a tennis court.
0	A picture of a man playing tennis on a red clay court.
1	a picture of a man playing tennis beside a red clay court.
0	A man in tennis gear swinging for a tennis ball with his racket.
1	a man in tennis gear swinging for a tennis ball on his racket.
0	Two children are standing on a stool to brush their teeth.
0	Two small children, on wearing green Christmas pajamas stand on a stool and brush their teeth in the mirror
1	two children are standing on a stool to ignore their teeth.
1	two small children, on wearing green christmas pajamas stand on a stool and ignore their teeth in the mirror
0	A man pretending to bat a ball with his remote in his hands.
1	a man pretending to miss a ball with his remote in his hands.
0	A young man playing baseball on his Wii video game console.
1	a happy man playing baseball on his wii video game console.
0	The man is going to the door to let his date in.
1	the man is going to the door to believe his date in.
0	Another day at school to learn with Nintendo Wii programs.
1	another day at school to forget with nintendo wii programs.
0	Group of young adults sitting in chairs while some hold wii remotes
0	A room full of young kids sitting on chairs.
1	group of happy adults sitting in chairs while some hold wii remotes
1	a room full of happy kids sitting on chairs.
0	This blonde woman is getting ready to play a game.
1	this blonde woman is getting ready to watch a game.
0	A beautiful blonde woman in tight blue jeans.
1	a beautiful blonde woman beside tight blue jeans.
0	A woman with blonde hair and glasses plays a video game
1	a woman with brunette hair and glasses plays a video game
1	a ugly blonde woman in tight blue jeans.
0	A man wearing black and white reaches to hit a tennis ball.
0	a tennis player reaching up to deliver a serve
1	a man wearing black and white reaches to miss a tennis ball.
1	a tennis player reaching up to accept a serve
0	Male tennis player, in mid stroke, on a tennis court.
1	male tennis player, in mid stroke, upon a tennis court.
0	A man in a tennis tournament getting ready to hit the ball
1	a man in a tennis tournament getting ready to miss the ball
0	Man in yellow top getting ready to play tennis.
0	Two tennis players on the court and waiting to play.
1	man in yellow top getting ready to watch tennis.
1	two tennis players on the court and waiting to watch.
0	A young man in a yellow shirt preparing to serve in an tennis match.
1	a happy man in a yellow shirt preparing to serve in an tennis match.
0	A father helps his son fly his kite.
1	a father helps his son cruise his kite.
0	many people watch a person fly a kite with a young person
1	many people watch a person fly a kite with a happy person
0	groups of people are watching a kite that's ready to fly
0	A giant kite getting ready to fly with a crowd around it.
1	groups of people are watching a kite that's ready to cruise
1	a giant kite getting ready to cruise with a crowd around it.
0	People in a park and a man trying to fly his kite.
1	people in a park and a man trying to cruise his kite.
0	The teddy bear looks like it is going to drink the beer.
1	the teddy bear looks like it is going to swig the beer.
0	a batter about to hit a ball at a baseball game
0	With a full crowd in the stands, a batter is up to bat and an umpire stands behind him on a baseball field.
1	a batter about to miss a ball at a baseball game
1	with a full crowd in the stands, a batter is up to finish and an umpire stands behind him on a baseball field.
0	Fans sit in camping chairs along a fence to watch a children's baseball game.
1	fans sit in camping chairs along a fence to hate a children's baseball game.
0	A male baseball player wearing red and white is up to bat.
0	A baseball player in a red shirt is ready to hit the ball.
1	a male baseball player wearing red and white is up to miss.
1	a baseball player in a red shirt is ready to miss the ball.
0	A batter ready to swing at home plate with an umpire and catcher behind him
1	a batter ready to swing at home plate on an umpire and catcher behind him
0	a baseball player with a bat on the field
1	a baseball player with a bat with the field
1	a baseball player beside a red shirt is ready to hit the ball.
0	The boy watches the ball as he gets ready to hit it.
1	the boy watches the ball as he gets ready to miss it.
0	A man teaching a small child to play baseball.
1	a man teaching a small child to watch baseball.
0	a batter leaning a bit getting ready to hit a baseball
1	a batter leaning a bit getting ready to miss a baseball
0	A tennis player lunges to hit the ball.
0	A tennis player is in a half split as she stretches to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player lunges to miss the ball.
1	a tennis player is in a half split as she stretches to miss the ball.
0	A sexy young woman standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.
1	a sexy happy woman standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.
0	A tennis player is swinging to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player is swinging to miss the ball.
0	man playing tennis on an outdoor tennis court
1	man playing tennis on an indoor tennis court
0	A woman starts to remove something from the oven.
1	a woman starts to repair something from the oven.
0	A large display of a hand holding a cell phone to tell the time.
1	a large display of a hand holding a cell phone to say the time.
0	A man who is using a hair dryer to dry his hair.
1	a man who is using a hair dryer to freeze his hair.
0	A man dries his hair in the bathroom.
1	a man dries his hair upon the bathroom.
0	This young man is blowing his hair dry
1	this happy man is blowing his hair dry
0	Scissors ready to cut a sheet of paper.
0	there are a pair of scissors about to cut paper
0	A person using scissors to cut a piece of paper.
1	scissors ready to freeze a sheet of paper.
1	there are a pair of scissors about to freeze paper
1	a person using scissors to freeze a piece of paper.
0	Little boy in pajamas starting to eat his breakfast.
1	little boy in pajamas starting to crave his breakfast.
0	A young boy is eating a meal in his pajamas.
1	a happy boy is eating a meal in his pajamas.
0	A person holds up a champagne glass to make a toast.
1	a person holds up a champagne glass to destroy a toast.
0	a lady using a knife and fork to cut a pizza
1	a lady using a knife and fork to freeze a pizza
0	two people in a field jumping to try to catch a frisbee
1	two people in a field jumping to need to catch a frisbee
0	The young kids are playing Frisbee in the field.
1	the happy kids are playing frisbee in the field.
0	Two birds preparing to eat food off of a plate that was left on a table outside by the ocean.
1	two birds preparing to crave food off of a plate that was left on a table outside by the ocean.
0	This is two birds pecking at the remnants of a burger at an outdoor restaurant.
1	this is two birds pecking at the remnants of a burger at an indoor restaurant.
0	A busy street with many cars, buildings and stop light.
1	a busy street with many cars, buildings and begin light.
0	A car that is stopped at three street lights.  People are waiting to cross the street.
1	a car that is stopped at three street lights. people are waiting to patrol the street.
0	Stop lights outside beside the bike lane on a road
1	begin lights outside beside the bike lane on a road
0	Group of giraffes standing next to cut up tree in grassy field.
1	group of giraffes standing next to freeze up tree in grassy field.
0	A slanted picture of a woman waiting to cross the street.
1	a slanted picture of a woman waiting to patrol the street.
0	a sign altered so it says stop all war
1	a sign altered so it says begin all war
0	A street sign is flashing do not walk.
1	a street sign is flashing do not hit.
0	Picketer on city street trying to praise her religion
1	picketer on city street trying to emphasize her religion
0	Stop signs at an intersection indicating you can not turn in either direction.
1	begin signs at an intersection indicating you cannot turn in either direction.
0	People are waiting for the train to arrive
1	people are waiting for the train to leave
0	The street sign says "Can't Stop The Dance".
0	A sign that says Can't stop the dance on a street pole.
0	A black and white sign that reads "can't stop the dance."
1	the street sign says "can't begin the dance".
1	a sign that says can't begin the dance on a street pole.
1	a black and white sign that reads "can't begin the dance."
0	A traffic sign and another sign on a pole near the curb and parked cars.
1	a traffic sign and another sign over a pole near the curb and parked cars.
0	A humorous street sign is seen on a city street.
1	a humorous street sign is seen upon a city street.
0	Four way stop sign at street intersection and two street signs above
1	four way begin sign at street intersection and two street signs above
0	Four people in colorful attire with hats are getting ready to perform on a platform.
1	four people in colorful attire with hats are getting ready to singe on a platform.
0	A dog that is about to catch a frisbee.
1	a dog that is about to miss a frisbee.
0	A kid waits to catch a Frisbee at a grassy park in the city.
1	a kid waits to miss a frisbee at a grassy park in the city.
0	A dog leaping in the air to grab a frisbee from its owner on a snowy day.
1	a dog leaping in the air to knock a frisbee from its owner on a snowy day.
0	This young girl is learning to throw a frisbee.
1	this young girl is learning to dodge a frisbee.
0	A young girl holding a frisbee on a tennis court.
1	this happy girl is learning to throw a frisbee.
1	a happy girl holding a frisbee on a tennis court.
0	Two men that are each trying to catch a Frisbee at the same time
1	two men that are each trying to miss a frisbee at the same time
0	two men jumping up to try and grab a frisbee in the air
1	two men jumping up to need and grab a frisbee in the air
0	Two bears stand face to face looking fierce.
1	two bears stand face to evade looking fierce.
0	Two bears in the woods fighting with each other.
1	two bears under the woods fighting with each other.
0	Two brown bears standing on their hind legs in front of pine trees.
1	two brown bears standing in their hind legs in front of pine trees.
0	Two ultimate Frisbee players jumping to contest a Frisbee.
1	two ultimate frisbee players jumping to accept a frisbee.
0	Man holding dog mouth open to brush teeth in tiled area
0	A man is trying to brush the teeth of his dog.
1	man holding dog mouth open to ignore teeth in tiled area
1	a man is trying to ignore the teeth of his dog.
0	A man about to throw a frisbee by the road.
0	A man with a jacket posing to throw a frisbee outside.
1	a man about to dodge a frisbee by the road.
1	a man with a jacket posing to dodge a frisbee outside.
0	A boy outside reaching to catch a frisbee.
1	a boy outside reaching to miss a frisbee.
0	A man readies himself to catch a lightly tossed frisbee near a cabin.
1	a man readies himself to miss a lightly tossed frisbee near a cabin.
0	A young man is throwing a frisbee up in the air and catching it between a house entryway with a railing and a garden area with steps.
1	a happy man is throwing a frisbee up in the air and catching it between a house entryway with a railing and a garden area with steps.
0	A zebra walking around looking for something to eat
1	a zebra walking around looking for something to crave
0	A zebra playing on a field with logs of tree
1	a zebra playing with a field with logs of tree
0	A couple of zebra standing on top of a rock.
1	a couple of zebra standing behind top of a rock.
0	A unique shot of the same baseball player, fixing to throw his pitch.
1	a unique shot of the same baseball player, fixing to dodge his pitch.
0	Time lapse photography shows the different stages in a pitcher's throw.
1	time lapse photography shows the like stages in a pitcher's throw.
0	Baked chicken sits on a plate steaming next to cut broccoli.
1	baked chicken sits on a plate steaming next to freeze broccoli.
0	A baseball player is preparing to pitch the ball.
1	a baseball player is preparing to walk the ball.
0	A child baseball player tries to hit the ball
1	a child baseball player tries to miss the ball
0	A young baseball player has just hit the ball at home plate.
1	a happy baseball player has just hit the ball at home plate.
0	BASEBALL DIAMOND WITH PITCHER ON MOUND READY TO THROW THE BALL
0	A baseball player is about to throw his pitch.
0	A baseball player is preparing to throw a ball.
1	baseball diamond with pitcher on mound ready to dodge the ball
1	a baseball player is about to dodge his pitch.
1	a baseball player is preparing to dodge a ball.
0	A man getting ready to hit a baseball, at a game.
1	a man getting ready to miss a baseball, at a game.
0	A boy wearing a red and blue ski outfit gets ready to hit the slopes.
1	a boy wearing a red and blue ski outfit gets ready to miss the slopes.
0	A young person posing for a picture while on skis.
0	a young boy on skis smiling at the camera in snow
0	A young skier poses for a picture in the snow
0	A young skier in a red jacket goes down hill
1	a happy person posing for a picture while on skis.
1	a happy boy on skis smiling at the camera in snow
1	a happy skier poses for a picture in the snow
1	a happy skier in a red jacket goes down hill
0	A bride and groom getting ready to cut their wedding cake.
0	A bride and groom prepare to cut their wedding cake.
1	a bride and groom getting ready to freeze their wedding cake.
1	a bride and groom prepare to freeze their wedding cake.
0	Man about to eat a large hotdog covered in condiments
1	man about to crave a large hotdog covered in condiments
0	A girl preparing to eat a hot dog.
1	a girl preparing to crave a hot dog.
0	A man is struggling to climb up a snow covered mountain.
1	a man is struggling to edge up a snow covered mountain.
0	Teenagers frolick on surfboards and jump off into a lake.
1	teenagers frolick on surfboards and fall off into a lake.
0	A man prepares to eat a bit of a type of food
1	a man prepares to crave a bit of a type of food
0	Two basketball players jump to the hoop to block another from scoring.
1	two basketball players jump to the hoop to allow another from scoring.
0	A small room with different types of furniture and appliances that it makes it hard to tell what type of room it is.
1	a small room with different types of furniture and appliances that it makes it hard to say what type of room it is.
1	a small room with like types of furniture and appliances that it makes it hard to tell what type of room it is.
0	A married couple is in front of a wedding cake getting ready to cut it.
1	a married couple is in front of a wedding cake getting ready to freeze it.
0	A person that is about to jump in some water.
1	a person that is about to fall in some water.
0	That salad and pizza make a filling lunch.
1	that salad and pizza destroy a filling lunch.
0	A tennis player is reaching into the air to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player is reaching into the air to miss the ball.
0	The man is trying to play tennis on the court.
1	the man is trying to watch tennis on the court.
0	A yummy looking pizza with onions on top and a fork and knife to eat it.
1	a yummy looking pizza with onions on top and a fork and knife to crave it.
0	A man who is diving to hit a tennis ball.
1	a man who is diving to miss a tennis ball.
0	A young man reaches to hit a tennis ball during a tennis match while others watch.
0	A man reaching to hit a tennis ball
0	A professional tennis player running to meet the ball at an indoor match
1	a young man reaches to miss a tennis ball during a tennis match while others watch.
1	a man reaching to miss a tennis ball
1	a professional tennis player running to warn the ball at an indoor match
0	A young man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.
1	a happy man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.
1	a happy man reaches to hit a tennis ball during a tennis match while others watch.
0	A tennis player is jumping up to hit a ball at a tennis match.
0	A tennis player about to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player is jumping up to miss a ball at a tennis match.
1	a tennis player about to miss the ball.
0	Man playing tennis about to deliver a strong hit to the ball.
1	man playing tennis about to carry a strong hit to the ball.
0	The young man is going to serve the ball.
1	the happy man is going to serve the ball.
1	man playing tennis about to deliver a proud hit to the ball.
0	a man getting ready to hit a tennis ball on part of a court
0	A person prepares to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court.
1	a man getting ready to miss a tennis ball on part of a court
1	a person prepares to miss a tennis ball on a tennis court.
0	A man is playing tennis on a blue court.
1	a man is playing tennis in a blue court.
1	a man getting ready to hit a tennis ball upon part of a court
0	A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a man standing over a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a person prepares to hit a tennis ball upon a tennis court.
0	A woman is trying to hit the tennis ball while she is playing tennis.
0	A woman tennis player prepares to hit the tennis ball.
1	a woman is trying to miss the tennis ball while she is playing tennis.
1	a woman tennis player prepares to miss the tennis ball.
0	A young woman holding a tennis racquet in front of a ball.
1	a young woman holding a tennis racquet beside front of a ball.
1	a happy woman holding a tennis racquet in front of a ball.
0	A woman is about to hit a tennis shot.
1	a woman is about to miss a tennis shot.
0	A tennis player is trying to hit a ball.
1	a tennis player is trying to miss a ball.
0	two people taking apart their wii controllers to replace batteries
1	two people taking apart their wii controllers to repair batteries
0	Several people watching a kneeling woman use a Wii controller.
1	several people watching a kneeling woman hurl a wii controller.
0	A woman with a Wii remote stands in front of a group of people.
1	a woman with a wii remote stands upon front of a group of people.
0	Several people watching a young women play a video game.
1	several people watching a happy women play a video game.
0	Two friends are gathered to play the wii.
1	two friends are gathered to watch the wii.
0	Group of Asian young males and female smiling and laughing while looking in the same direction.
1	group of asian young males and female smiling and laughing while looking at the same direction.
0	a bunch of people are laughing in a living room while two people hold Wii controllers in their hands
1	a bunch of people are laughing under a living room while two people hold wii controllers in their hands
0	A group of young people laughing and having fun playing Wii
1	group of asian happy males and female smiling and laughing while looking in the same direction.
1	a group of happy people laughing and having fun playing wii
0	A man is flying a very large kite for trying to hang glide
1	a man is flying a very large kite for trying to sit glide
0	The crowd of people are looking to fly their kites.
1	the crowd of people are looking to cruise their kites.
0	The boy stands by the shoreline and prepares to fly a kite.
1	the boy stands by the shoreline and prepares to cruise a kite.
0	A young boy holding a kite next to a body of water.
0	Young boy holding a kite running by water
1	a happy boy holding a kite next to a body of water.
1	happy boy holding a kite running by water
0	A small boy trying to fly a small kite
0	A young boy gets ready to fly a kite.
1	a small boy trying to cruise a small kite
1	a young boy gets ready to cruise a kite.
0	A young boy flying a colorful kite on top of a sidewalk.
1	a happy boy flying a colorful kite on top of a sidewalk.
1	a happy boy gets ready to fly a kite.
0	A man prepares to fly a kite in a grassy area.
0	Man standing in grassy field with assistant nearby ready to fly kite.
1	a man prepares to cruise a kite in a grassy area.
1	man standing in grassy field with assistant nearby ready to cruise kite.
0	A parent helps a young child fly a kite on the beach
1	a parent helps a young child cruise a kite on the beach
0	A man and a young child on a beach flying a kite
1	a man and a happy child on a beach flying a kite
1	a parent helps a happy child fly a kite on the beach
0	A baseball player walks off the diamond while another player throws his hands and bat up.
0	One baseball player is returning to the dugout, another is ready to bat.
1	a baseball player walks off the diamond while another player throws his hands and miss up.
1	one baseball player is returning to the dugout, another is ready to miss.
0	A baseball player is up to bat at the plate.
1	a baseball player is up to miss at the plate.
0	The baseball player is is ready to throw the ball.
0	A baseball catcher begins to throw the baseball to the pitcher
1	the baseball player is is ready to dodge the ball.
1	a baseball catcher begins to dodge the baseball to the pitcher
0	A close up of a batter, umpire and catcher at home plate.
1	a close up of a batter, umpire and catcher over home plate.
0	Players in a baseball game are on the field.
1	players in a baseball game are beside the field.
0	A batter is swinging to hit a baseball as the catcher readies to catch it.
1	a batter is swinging to miss a baseball as the catcher readies to catch it.
0	A baseball player is standing up to bat
1	a baseball player is standing up to miss
0	Baseball player in a grey uniform holding up a baseball bat at the plate.
1	baseball player beside a grey uniform holding up a baseball bat at the plate.
0	The baseball player is getting ready to hit the ball.
1	the baseball player is getting ready to miss the ball.
0	Home plate at a professional baseball game, batter not quite ready.
1	home plate beside a professional baseball game, batter not quite ready.
0	A pitcher throws a ball to a batter ready to hit the ball.
1	a pitcher throws a ball to a batter ready to miss the ball.
0	A batter prepares to step up to bat.
0	A baseball player preparing to bat on the field
1	a batter prepares to step up to miss.
1	a baseball player preparing to miss on the field
0	A batter has swung and hit the baseball.
1	a batter has swung and miss the baseball.
0	A man is about to hit a ball during a baseball game.
1	a man is about to miss a ball during a baseball game.
0	A baseball player moves to avoid getting hit by a ball
1	a baseball player moves to confront getting hit by a ball
0	A baseball player swings his bat at home plate.
1	a baseball player swings his bat upon home plate.
0	A batter just swung through a pitch and the catcher is reaching for the ball.
1	a batter just swung up a pitch and the catcher is reaching for the ball.
0	Edward, the number 6 baseball player, waiting to bat.
0	A baseball player named Howard, getting ready to bat at a baseball field.
1	edward, the number 6 baseball player, waiting to miss.
1	a baseball player named howard, getting ready to miss at a baseball field.
0	A player in action up to bat in a baseball game.
1	a player in action up to miss in a baseball game.
0	A baseball player is preparing to go to bat.
1	a baseball player is preparing to go to miss.
0	A tennis player holds a ball as if to throw it in the air to serve it.
1	a tennis player holds a ball as if to dodge it in the air to serve it.
0	There are lap tops on tables ready for a class to start.
1	there are lap tops on tables ready for a class to end.
0	A group of people eating at a table raise their glasses
0	this is a group of people out to eat together
1	a group of people eating at a table lower their glasses
1	this is a group of people out to crave together
0	An old man is trying to use his cell phone.
1	an old man is trying to hurl his cell phone.
0	A black and white photograph of something I cannot quite make out.
1	a black and white photograph of something i cannot quite destroy out.
0	Yellow school bus designed to allow people to sit above and on it.
1	yellow school bus designed to bar people to sit above and on it.
0	a tiled bathroom with a toilet and sink inside of it
1	a tiled bathroom with a toilet and rise inside of it
0	A picture of a modern bathroom with a glass door to the toilet and large glass mirror.
1	a picture of a ancient bathroom with a glass door to the toilet and large glass mirror.
0	A toilet with a blue seat cover with a note that reads " Please Don't Use Sorry".
0	Toilet with blue rug and blue rug cover saying please do not use. Sorry!
0	A note is left to advise bathroom visitors not to use the toilet.
0	A toilet has a sign that says please don't use.
0	A broken toilet with a polite request not to use.
1	a toilet with a blue seat cover with a note that reads "please don't hurl sorry".
1	toilet with blue rug and blue rug cover saying please do not hurl. sorry!
1	a note is left to advise bathroom visitors not to hurl the toilet.
1	a toilet has a sign that says please don't hurl.
1	a broken toilet with a polite request not to hurl.
0	People waiting to cross a busy street at night.
0	The cars are passing by while a pedestrian in blue shirt is waiting to cross the street.
1	people waiting to patrol a busy street at night.
1	the cars are passing by while a pedestrian in blue shirt is waiting to patrol the street.
0	People standing up to ride on a bus.
1	people standing up to pull on a bus.
0	A bus stopped at a curb to allow people to board the bus.
1	a bus stopped at a curb to bar people to board the bus.
0	a giraffe leaning over a fence to eat out of a bowl that a woman is holding
1	a giraffe leaning over a fence to crave out of a bowl that a woman is holding
0	Red fire hydrant next to fence and trees.
1	red fire hydrant next to swim and trees.
0	The sign on the side of the road is telling motorcycles to use caution.
1	the sign on the side of the road is telling motorcycles to hurl caution.
0	an orange warning street sign on a metal tripod base on the side walk next to a partially paved, unfinished, street.
1	an orange warning street sign on a metal tripod base on the side walk next to a altogether paved, unfinished, street.
0	A street sign is posted to watch for senior citizens.
0	A yellow street sign warns to watch for senior citizens.
1	a street sign is posted to hate for senior citizens.
1	a yellow street sign warns to hate for senior citizens.
0	A sign warns motorists to watch out for older people walking.
1	a sign warns motorists to hate out for older people walking.
0	a do not enter sign with a sticker of a man on it
1	a do not exit sign with a sticker of a man on it
0	A Hawthorne , Derby, and a "right lane must turn right" sign.
1	a hawthorne, derby, and a "right lane must remain right" sign.
0	A few signs tyring to get people to eat at a restaurant
1	a few signs tyring to get people to crave at a restaurant
0	There is a red and one graffiti'd stop sign.
1	there is a red and one graffiti'd begin sign.
0	A STOP ALL-WAY sign which someone has changed to read "STOP ALL-WAR"
1	a stop all-way sign which someone has changed to read "begin all-war"
0	I cant tell what kind of animals these are
1	i cant say what kind of animals these are
0	A man with white shirt and lose tie with messed up hair.
1	a man with white shirt and lack tie with messed up hair.
0	This young man with tousled hair and goatee is sitting in an office in his shirt and tie.
1	this happy man with tousled hair and goatee is sitting in an office in his shirt and tie.
0	Two children using brooms to help clean an elephant.
1	two children using brooms to hurt clean an elephant.
0	A giant elephant laying on top of a dirt ground.
1	a giant elephant laying over top of a dirt ground.
0	Little girl hold the leash of a puppy on a grassy lawn.
1	little girl seek the leash of a puppy on a grassy lawn.
0	The black dog is waiting to play frisbee.
1	the black dog is waiting to watch frisbee.
0	Asian man in white sleeveless undershirt and grey shorts about to throw a Frisbee.
0	A man about to throw a frisbee in a game with other people.
1	asian man in white sleeveless undershirt and grey shorts about to dodge a frisbee.
1	a man about to dodge a frisbee in a game with other people.
0	Three young men playing a game of frisbee on a sandy beach.
1	three happy men playing a game of frisbee on a sandy beach.
0	Two women playing frisbee with one trying to block the others catch.
1	two women playing frisbee with one trying to allow the others catch.
0	Two women play frisbee in a park.
1	two women play frisbee at a park.
0	Two young woman in a park doing tricks with a frisbee.
1	two young woman at a park doing tricks with a frisbee.
0	a pair of women in a park with other people
1	a pair of women in a park on other people
0	Two girls wearing black shorts are in a park while one girl holds her leg up in front of the other as the other holds a white Frisbee.
1	two girls wearing black shorts are in a park while one girl holds her leg up beside front of the other as the other holds a white frisbee.
1	two happy woman in a park doing tricks with a frisbee.
0	Horses stopping at the river to drink some water.
1	horses stopping at the river to swig some water.
0	A baseball batter trying to hit a baseball.
1	a baseball batter trying to miss a baseball.
0	Assorted food and drink displayed on table next to adult with reading material.
1	assorted food and swig displayed on table next to adult with reading material.
0	A person sitting at a table with bagels and a donut.
1	a person sitting across a table with bagels and a donut.
0	Two donuts, banana, cup and a book on the table.
1	two donuts, banana, cup and a book behind the table.
0	A hand holding a book on a table with a breakfast and coffee next to it
1	a hand holding a book beside a table with a breakfast and coffee next to it
0	Someone sitting at a table with two bagels, a banana, a book and a beverage.
1	someone sitting over a table with two bagels, a banana, a book and a beverage.
0	A full view of a baseball batter about to hit the ball.
1	a full view of a baseball batter about to miss the ball.
0	A batter getting ready to hit his pitch.
1	a batter getting ready to miss his pitch.
0	The food was set out on the dining table and ready to eat.
1	the food was set out on the dining table and ready to crave.
0	there are many different plates of food on the table
1	there are many like plates of food on the table
0	The cat is on the mans lap even when he is trying to use his laptop.
1	the cat is on the mans lap even when he is trying to hurl his laptop.
0	A man opening his mouth to eat a hotdog.
1	a man opening his mouth to crave a hotdog.
0	This is a man about to fall on his face from failing a skateboard trick.
1	this is a man about to firm on his face from failing a skateboard trick.
0	A young male skateboarder leaps above his board in the street.
0	A young man doing tricks on the street with a skateboard.
1	a happy male skateboarder leaps above his board in the street.
1	a happy man doing tricks on the street with a skateboard.
0	Some tasty and nice food ready to eat.
1	some tasty and nice food ready to crave.
0	A group of surfboards are stacked up for people to use.
1	a group of surfboards are stacked up for people to hurl.
0	surfboards are sitting against the fence at the beach
1	surfboards are sitting against the fence across the beach
0	Guy in sand using his cell phone while multiple surfboards behind him lean up on the hill
1	guy in sand using his cell phone while multiple surfboards behind him lean up over the hill
0	A man getting ready to blow out candles around a group.
1	a man getting ready to tear out candles around a group.
0	A man looking over a plate of cookies with candles on them.
1	a man looking upon a plate of cookies with candles on them.
0	there are many people gathered in the kitchen for a birthday
1	there are many people gathered over the kitchen for a birthday
0	A room filled with single beds and tow large walls of windows.
1	a room filled with single beds and fly large walls of windows.
0	The surfer is getting ready to ride the wave.
1	the surfer is getting ready to pull the wave.
0	A man about to kick a soccer ball in a court.
1	a man about to nail a soccer ball in a court.
0	A young man reaches for a basketball on a court.
0	A young man playing a ball game on a cement basketball court.
0	A man on an outdoor basketball court going to get a ball.
1	a happy man reaches for a basketball on a court.
1	a happy man playing a ball game on a cement basketball court.
1	a man on an indoor basketball court going to get a ball.
0	Two small young girls hold hands as they look into a bedroom.
0	Two girls come to say good morning to their grandma.
1	two small young girls seek hands as they look into a bedroom.
1	two girls come to begin good morning to their grandma.
1	two small happy girls hold hands as they look into a bedroom.
0	water skier in the lake trying to avoid rock ahead
1	water skier in the lake trying to confront rock ahead
0	A group of people are just beginning to learn how to surf.
1	a group of people are just beginning to forget how to surf.
0	A group of people riding on different styles of boards on the ocean.
1	a group of people riding on like styles of boards on the ocean.
0	Person using a butter knife to cut a cheese quesadilla.
1	person using a butter knife to freeze a cheese quesadilla.
0	Two hands cutting some food on a plate.
1	two hands cutting some food beside a plate.
0	A Tennis player getting ready to hit the Tennis ball.
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss the tennis ball.
0	A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a man standing over a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	The man is playing a game of tennis on the court.
1	the man is playing a game of tennis with the court.
0	A man with a tennis racquet in his hand.
1	a man with a tennis racquet at his hand.
0	A man swings his racket on a tennis court.
1	a man swings his racket upon a tennis court.
0	A tennis player runs in order to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player runs in order to miss the ball.
0	A tennis player uses his muscles to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player uses his muscles to miss the ball.
0	A tennis player is jumping up to hit the ball.
0	A man jumping in the air to hit a tennis ball with his racquet, with onlookers behind.
0	He jumps up in the air to meet the tennis ball.
1	a tennis player is jumping up to miss the ball.
1	a man jumping in the air to miss a tennis ball with his racquet, with onlookers behind.
1	he jumps up in the air to warn the tennis ball.
0	Tennis player getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
1	tennis player getting ready to miss a tennis ball.
0	a young man is playing a game of tennis
1	a happy man is playing a game of tennis
0	A man in a tennis court holding a tennis racket getting ready to hit a ball.
0	A man with a racket goes to hit a tennis ball.
1	a man in a tennis court holding a tennis racket getting ready to miss a ball.
1	a man with a racket goes to miss a tennis ball.
0	A man playing tennis and holding back his racket to hit the ball.
1	a man playing tennis and holding back his racket to miss the ball.
0	a man swinging his tennis racket to he can hit a ball
1	a man swinging his tennis racket to he can miss a ball
0	A tennis player is jumping and reaching to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player is jumping and reaching to miss the ball.
0	A tennis player is getting ready to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player is getting ready to miss the ball.
0	The tennis player wearing a purple outfit is about to hit the tennis ball.
1	the tennis player wearing a purple outfit is about to miss the tennis ball.
0	A person with a toothbrush trying to brush a dogs teeth.
0	Someone tries to attach a ribbon to the dog collar.
1	a person with a toothbrush trying to ignore a dogs teeth.
1	someone tries to insert a ribbon to the dog collar.
0	Let's dress in all white and play Wii in public!
1	let's dress in all white and watch wii in public!
0	An office space with multiple computers ready to use.
1	an office space with multiple computers ready to hurl.
0	A tennis player trying to hit a tennis ball.
0	The tennis player is running to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player trying to miss a tennis ball.
1	the tennis player is running to miss the ball.
0	A man holding a tennis racket and ball as if to start a serve.
1	a man holding a tennis racket and ball as if to end a serve.
0	A young boy trying to get a kite to fly.
0	A young boy prepares to fly a kite.
1	a young boy trying to get a kite to cruise.
1	a young boy prepares to cruise a kite.
1	a happy boy trying to get a kite to fly.
1	a happy boy prepares to fly a kite.
0	A man holding a bat to hit an incoming baseball during a game.
0	Pitcher throwing ball with batter ready to strike and umpire ready to catch.
1	a man holding a bat to miss an incoming baseball during a game.
1	pitcher throwing ball with batter ready to strike and umpire ready to miss.
0	Young man up to bat during a ball game.
0	A boy preparing to hit a ball with a bat.
1	young man up to miss during a ball game.
1	a boy preparing to miss a ball with a bat.
0	A young boy holding a baseball bat getting ready to swing at the ball.
0	a young person standing on a baseball field holding a baseball bat
1	happy man up to bat during a ball game.
1	a happy boy holding a baseball bat getting ready to swing at the ball.
1	a happy person standing on a baseball field holding a baseball bat
0	A batter getting ready to bat with the catcher and umpire behind him.
1	a batter getting ready to miss with the catcher and umpire behind him.
0	A handicapped man in a wheelchair is being helped to hold the bat by another man on a tee ball
1	a handicapped man in a wheelchair is being helped to seek the bat by another man on a tee ball
1	a handicapped man under a wheelchair is being helped to hold the bat by another man on a tee ball
0	A man standing next to another person in a wheel chair.
1	a man standing next to another person under a wheel chair.
0	A man helps a disabled baseball player on the mound.
1	a man helps a disabled baseball player in the mound.
0	A man is helping an athlete on a sport field.
1	a man is helping an athlete beside a sport field.
0	A man in a wheel chair who is holding a baseball bat.
1	a man upon a wheel chair who is holding a baseball bat.
0	A boy playing baseball about to hit a ball.
1	a boy playing baseball about to miss a ball.
0	A young kid hitting a baseball with a bat close to some chairs
1	a happy kid hitting a baseball with a bat close to some chairs
0	A very young boy is trying to bat a ball being thrown to him.
0	A little boy with a red shirt on getting ready to hit a colorful ball.
0	a small child is trying to hit a ball with their bat
0	A small child attempts to hit a ball with his bat.
1	a very young boy is trying to miss a ball being thrown to him.
1	a little boy with a red shirt on getting ready to miss a colorful ball.
1	a small child is trying to miss a ball with their bat
1	a small child attempts to miss a ball with his bat.
1	a very happy boy is trying to bat a ball being thrown to him.
0	A tennis player in a pink outfit about to play a match.
1	a tennis player in a pink outfit about to watch a match.
0	Ms Williams is participating in the championship tennis match.
1	ms williams is participating over the championship tennis match.
0	A woman in pink dress playing a game of tennis.
1	a woman beside pink dress playing a game of tennis.
0	pretty lady in a pink tennis dress with crowd of large crowd
1	pretty lady upon a pink tennis dress with crowd of large crowd
0	a woman running whilte trying to hit  a tennis ball
0	a woman in a skirt gets ready to hit a tennis ball
1	a woman running whilte trying to miss a tennis ball
1	a woman in a skirt gets ready to miss a tennis ball
0	A young woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
0	A young woman playing professional tennis in front of a large crowd.
1	a happy woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
1	a happy woman playing professional tennis in front of a large crowd.
0	A woman in a tennis match getting ready to hit the ball.
0	A woman leans in to hit a tennis ball.
1	a woman in a tennis match getting ready to miss the ball.
1	a woman leans in to miss a tennis ball.
0	The tennis player is about to hit a ball with his racket.
1	the tennis player is about to miss a ball with his racket.
0	Tennis player preparing to hit ball on standard court.
0	A man who is about to hit  tennis ball with a racket.
1	tennis player preparing to miss ball on standard court.
1	a man who is about to miss tennis ball with a racket.
0	An opened book on a table and something else I don't know what it is.
1	an opened book on a table and something else i don't feel what it is.
0	a opened book and half of a mask sit on a floor
1	a opened book and half of a mask sit beside a floor
0	An open book is on a table with a broken mask.
1	an open book is behind a table with a broken mask.
0	Half of a mask featuring large teeth and a slanted eye sit on a table near an open book.
1	half of a mask featuring large teeth and a slanted eye sit behind a table near an open book.
0	Three men sit at a table and use laptop computers.
1	three men sit at a table and hurl laptop computers.
0	Three young men sit at a table using four laptops.
1	three happy men sit at a table using four laptops.
0	Several people waiting for the train to arrive.
1	several people waiting for the train to leave.
0	A woman sitting in a chair beneath a sign saying not to sit there.
0	A girl taking a self portrait as she sits in a place marked "Do Not Sit Here."
1	a woman sitting in a chair beneath a sign saying not to hang there.
1	a girl taking a self portrait as she sits in a place marked "do not hang here."
0	A young woman is sitting in a chair on her cell phone.
0	A woman using a smart phone while sitting down.
1	a happy woman is sitting in a chair on her cell phone.
1	a woman using a dumb phone while sitting down.
0	a crowded restaurant with people having something to eat
1	a crowded restaurant with people having something to crave
0	There is a group of people that are sitting at the table eating food
1	there is a group of people that are sitting beside the table eating food
0	The kitchen is clean and ready to use.
1	the kitchen is clean and ready to hurl.
0	A woman looks apprehensive as she prepares to cut her own hair with scissors.
1	a woman looks apprehensive as she prepares to freeze her own hair with scissors.
0	A young woman is curling her long hair.
0	a lady cutting her own hair with a pair of huge scissors
1	a happy woman is curling her long hair.
1	a lady cutting her own hair with a pair of tiny scissors
0	The crooked shelving is unstable and will eventually fall down.
1	the crooked shelving is unstable and will eventually firm down.
0	A shelf has many different items displayed on it.
1	a shelf has many like items displayed on it.
0	An old average looking bathroom that looks clean to use.
1	an old average looking bathroom that looks clean to hurl.
0	A man painted green wearing a Santa Claus costume and his dog ride a motorcycle.
1	a man painted green wearing a santa claus costume and his dog pull a motorcycle.
0	A person with a painted face is riding a motorcycle
1	a person with a unpainted face is riding a motorcycle
0	a huge room with desks and places to sit
1	a huge room with desks and places to hang
1	a tiny room with desks and places to sit
0	a man using a cross walk to cross a street
1	a man using a cross walk to patrol a street
0	A man walking across the street at an intersection.
1	a man walking across the street across an intersection.
0	some people walking across a crosswalk with a car parked by it
1	some people walking over a crosswalk with a car parked by it
0	People cross a city street from different sides.
1	people cross a city street from like sides.
0	a see through car gets ready to turn at a street light
1	a see through car gets ready to remain at a street light
0	Green traffic signal and a do not walk sign in front of high rise buildings.
1	green traffic signal and a do not hit sign in front of high rise buildings.
0	A giraffe habitat with a lot of grass for the to graze.
1	a giraffe habitat with a lot of grass for the to pierce.
0	A sign warning people to stop at red lights.
1	a sign warning people to begin at red lights.
0	A mechanical street light and a traffic sign in the street next to a moving car.
1	a mechanical street light and a traffic sign upon the street next to a moving car.
0	A temporary sign in front of a temporary streetlight at an intersection.
1	a temporary sign at front of a temporary streetlight at an intersection.
0	The flower is starting to grow and bloom in front of the bench.
1	the flower is starting to decline and bloom in front of the bench.
0	A picture of pushing a button to cross the street
0	A sign for bicyclists to press a button to cross the road.
1	a picture of pushing a button to patrol the street
1	a sign for bicyclists to press a button to patrol the road.
0	a close up of a street sign on a street corner
1	a close atop of a street sign on a street corner
0	a giraffe reaching up to a branch to eat
0	A giraffe is standing on all fours and reaching it's neck and head up to eat a  plant that is hanging from above.
1	a giraffe reaching up to a branch to crave
1	a giraffe is standing on all fours and reaching it's neck and head up to crave a plant that is hanging from above.
0	three giraffes banding down to drink water with trees in the background
0	Giraffes leaning down to drink at a watering hole
1	three giraffes banding down to swig water with trees in the background
1	giraffes leaning down to swig at a watering hole
0	A man has a red water bottle up to his mouth.
1	a man has a red water dry up to his mouth.
0	Stop sign at the intersection of two streets on a fall day.
1	begin sign at the intersection of two streets on a fall day.
0	Stop sign sitting on a fence signaling wrong way directions.
1	begin sign sitting on a fence signaling wrong way directions.
0	a stop sign altered to say 'stop hammertime'
1	a stop sign altered to begin'stop hammertime'
0	Pickup truck on a ramp preparing to merge with heavy Interstate highway traffic.
1	pickup truck on a ramp preparing to buy with heavy interstate highway traffic.
1	pickup truck upon a ramp preparing to merge with heavy interstate highway traffic.
0	An on ramp to a multiple lane road and a red pick-up truck proceeding to a stop sign at the merging point.
1	an on ramp to a multiple lane road and a red pick-up truck proceeding to a stop sign upon the merging point.
0	A big steer is just about to walk onto the road near the folks on the bike.
1	a big steer is just about to hit onto the road near the folks on the bike.
0	Models wear dresses and hold umbrellas as they walk.
1	models wear dresses and seek umbrellas as they walk.
0	An individual is in the open view in the picture.
1	an individual is under the open view in the picture.
0	Asian women parade through the street holding fancy umbrellas
1	asian women parade up the street holding fancy umbrellas
0	a lady in red and a lady in blue both carrying umbrellas
1	a lady at red and a lady in blue both carrying umbrellas
0	A woman hold an umbrella in one hand and taking a photograph with the other hand.
1	a woman seek an umbrella in one hand and taking a photograph with the other hand.
0	A dog is reaching up to grab a Frisbee in his mouth.
1	a dog is reaching up to knock a frisbee in his mouth.
0	A man standing up while holding a red plastic cup and a large frisbee type disc in his hand, preparing to throw it.
0	A man is getting ready to throw a frisbee at a picnic area.
0	The man holding a beverage is about to throw a Frisbee.
1	a man standing up while holding a red plastic cup and a large frisbee type disc in his hand, preparing to dodge it.
1	a man is getting ready to dodge a frisbee at a picnic area.
1	the man holding a beverage is about to dodge a frisbee.
0	The picnic table is located in the isolated field.
1	the picnic table is located beside the isolated field.
1	a man is getting ready to throw a frisbee across a picnic area.
0	A man throwing a frisbee in a field.
1	a man throwing a frisbee upon a field.
0	A man is trying to catch a Frisbee
1	a man is trying to miss a frisbee
0	The cheese pizza is on the plate ready to eat.
1	the cheese pizza is on the plate ready to crave.
0	A skateboarder hangs his skateboard on the lip of a ramp to make a turn.
1	a skateboarder hangs his skateboard on the lip of a ramp to destroy a turn.
0	Kneeling on the skateboard, the rider uses their arms to propel them.
1	kneeling on the skateboard, the rider uses their arms to hurt them.
0	A young boy kneels down on the sidewalk
1	a happy boy kneels down on the sidewalk
0	Three people in the snow trying to walk up the hill in skiis.
1	three people in the snow trying to hit up the hill in skiis.
0	a bride and groom prepare to cut the wedding cake
1	a bride and groom prepare to freeze the wedding cake
0	A couple at their wedding reception cutting the cake.
1	a couple behind their wedding reception cutting the cake.
0	A man standing next to a bride in front of a wedding cake.
1	a man standing next to a bride beside front of a wedding cake.
0	A man in uniform and a woman in a bridal gown stand near a cake.
1	a man under uniform and a woman in a bridal gown stand near a cake.
0	A butcher knife next to carrots cut to various sizes.
1	a butcher knife next to carrots freeze to various sizes.
0	Carrots are sitting on a counter in different stages of cutting with a knife.
1	carrots are sitting on a counter in like stages of cutting with a knife.
0	The table is set up with the food for people to grab what they like.
1	the table is set up with the food for people to knock what they like.
0	a table with many different food items and a cake
1	a table with many like food items and a cake
0	A large stack of a variety of donuts, all set on top of each other to make a pyramid like design.
1	a large stack of a variety of donuts, all set on top of each other to destroy a pyramid like design.
0	A pile of different flavored donuts topped with chocolate and coconut.
1	a pile of like flavored donuts topped with chocolate and coconut.
0	A young girl surrounded by people watching her blowing out the candles on her birthday cake
1	a young girl surrounded by people watching her blowing out the candles on her birthday bread
1	a happy girl surrounded by people watching her blowing out the candles on her birthday cake
0	It is good to start young children in sports to learn camaraderie.
1	it is good to end young children in sports to learn camaraderie.
0	Young boys playing soccer on field with adults looking on.
0	A group of young kids play a soccer match while older men watch.
1	happy boys playing soccer on field with adults looking on.
1	a group of happy kids play a soccer match while older men watch.
1	it is good to start happy children in sports to learn camaraderie.
0	Two people are being trained by an instructor in order to learn how to surf.
1	two people are being trained by an instructor in order to forget how to surf.
0	Two young people are having fun learning how to surf.
1	two happy people are having fun learning how to surf.
0	A knife being used to cut a dessert on a plate
1	a knife being used to freeze a dessert on a plate
0	a soccer player getting ready to kick a soccer ball
1	a soccer player getting ready to nail a soccer ball
0	A delicious meal with veggie and meats to eat.
0	a man with a fork ready to eat a pizza
1	a delicious meal with veggie and meats to crave.
1	a man with a fork ready to crave a pizza
0	A woman bending slightly to hit a tennis all with a racket.
1	a woman bending slightly to miss a tennis all with a racket.
0	The players are waiting for the next period to begin.
1	the players are waiting for the next period to continue.
0	A woman helps her child brush their teeth.
1	a woman helps her child ignore their teeth.
0	a man at the beach trying to fly a kite
1	a man at the beach trying to cruise a kite
0	A woman and a young girl fly a kite while standing in water.
1	a woman and a young girl cruise a kite while standing in water.
1	a woman and a happy girl fly a kite while standing in water.
0	Three kids are trying to fly their kites.
0	Two young children trying to fly kites next to dirt road.
1	three kids are trying to cruise their kites.
1	two young children trying to cruise kites next to dirt road.
1	two happy children trying to fly kites next to dirt road.
0	A young person is presenting an elaborate kite to fly.
1	a young person is presenting an elaborate kite to cruise.
0	A young man holding a kite while sanding in a grassy park.
0	A young boy is in the park holding a kite.
0	A young boy holds a kite in a grassy park.
1	a happy man holding a kite while sanding in a grassy park.
1	a happy person is presenting an elaborate kite to fly.
1	a happy boy is in the park holding a kite.
1	a happy boy holds a kite in a grassy park.
0	A person that is about to fly a kite.
0	Man preparing a kite to fly in a green park
1	a person that is about to cruise a kite.
1	man preparing a kite to cruise in a green park
0	A little boy and his father preparing to fly a brightly colored kit.
1	a little boy and his father preparing to cruise a brightly colored kit.
0	A man and boy in grassy area with a kite.
1	a man and boy in grassy area on a kite.
0	A man and a boy are at the park with a kite.
1	a man and a boy are behind the park with a kite.
0	A man and a young boy holding the strings of a kite.
1	a man and a happy boy holding the strings of a kite.
0	A crowd has gathered outside of the monument to fly kites.
1	a crowd has gathered outside of the monument to cruise kites.
0	A large crowd of people standing in the grass near a monument.
1	a large crowd of people standing in the grass upon a monument.
0	A baseball player swinging his bat to hit a baseball.
1	a baseball player swinging his bat to miss a baseball.
0	A woman is attempting to hit a ball with a bat.
0	A person in a hate is preparing to hit a ball with a green bat.
1	a woman is attempting to miss a ball with a bat.
1	a person in a hate is preparing to miss a ball with a green bat.
0	A young woman holding a green baseball bat on a field.
1	a happy woman holding a green baseball bat on a field.
0	A stand view of a baseball player up to bat.
0	Ball flies down the field towards the baseball batter ready to hit it
1	a stand view of a baseball player up to miss.
1	ball flies down the field towards the baseball batter ready to miss it
0	Baseball players about to deliver hit to ball with many spectators.
0	A big baseball diamond where a player is about to hit the ball
1	baseball players about to carry hit to ball with many spectators.
1	a big baseball diamond where a player is about to miss the ball
0	A baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball.
1	a baseball player is getting ready to miss a ball.
0	The bat is about to make contact with the ball in this picture.
0	A boy is up to bat at a baseball diamond.
1	the bat is about to accept contact with the ball in this picture.
1	a boy is up to miss at a baseball diamond.
0	A young man swinging a baseball bat over a base.
1	a happy man swinging a baseball bat over a base.
0	Batter about to make contact with the ball in a baseball game
1	batter about to destroy contact with the ball in a baseball game
0	A young male baseball player is about to swing for the ball.
0	Young baseball players on a field with a pitch being thrown
1	a happy male baseball player is about to swing for the ball.
1	happy baseball players on a field with a pitch being thrown
0	A baseball getting ready to bat while a catcher waits behind him and people watch from benches.
0	a man standing at home base hoping to hit a ball
1	a baseball getting ready to miss while a catcher waits behind him and people watch from benches.
1	a man standing at home base hoping to miss a ball
0	A black man is standing ready to play tennis.
1	a black man is standing ready to watch tennis.
0	A male tennis player on the baseline of a hard surface tennis court, with people in the stands watching him play.
1	a male tennis player on the baseline of a simple surface tennis court, with people in the stands watching him play.
0	man on blue tennis court preparing to make serve
1	man on blue tennis court preparing to destroy serve
0	A pair of people stand and talk and play on a phone.
1	a pair of people stand and talk and watch on a phone.
0	A man in a red at is standing next to a man with long hair.
1	a man in a red at is standing next to a man with short hair.
0	Someone is using their phone to send a text or play a game.
1	someone is using their phone to bring a text or play a game.
0	Busy thumbs type a text message on a mobile phone.
1	busy thumbs type a text message in a mobile phone.
0	Hands holding a cell phone with fingers in motion.
1	hands holding a cell phone with fingers under motion.
0	Two men are holding phones together to create a linking .
1	two men are holding phones together to destroy a linking.
0	Two men holding smart phones next to each other.
1	two men holding dumb phones next to each other.
0	A woman has yet to learn that a rubber band strapped to your head does not a hands-free headset make.
1	a woman has yet to forget that a rubber band strapped to your head does not a hands-free headset make.
0	Why does everyone want to go to the refrigerator at the same time?
1	why does everyone hate to go to the refrigerator at the same time?
0	A young boy looks in the fridge with mom and grandma
1	a happy boy looks in the fridge with mom and grandma
0	The woman is getting ready to cut her bangs with scissors.
1	the woman is getting ready to freeze her bangs with scissors.
0	We are looking through a pair of opened scissors at a young woman.
1	we are looking through a pair of opened scissors at a happy woman.
0	Some old men are advertising some wines to sell.
1	some old men are advertising some wines to merge.
0	A man holding a wine glass in order to smell the wine
1	a man holding a wine glass in order to hate the wine
0	A girl waits to cross a street with her bicycle.
1	a girl waits to patrol a street with her bicycle.
0	A woman crouches to remove a dish from an oven.
1	a woman crouches to repair a dish from an oven.
0	A classroom is gathered around a lady about to bake cupcakes
1	a classroom is gathered around a lady about to fry cupcakes
0	A crowd of young people in a kitchen at a table
1	a crowd of happy people in a kitchen at a table
0	A white bathroom is in need of a good cleaning and new spot to hang toilet paper.
1	a white bathroom is in need of a good cleaning and new spot to sit toilet paper.
0	A shocked looking man in the mirror about to brush his teeth.
1	a shocked looking man in the mirror about to ignore his teeth.
0	A large commercial plane about to fly at the airport.
1	a large commercial plane about to cruise at the airport.
0	Airplanes do fly in unison during an air show.
1	airplanes do cruise in unison during an air show.
0	a white plane is going low to make a landing
1	a white plane is going low to destroy a landing
0	An Eighteen Wheeler Truck about to make a left turn as traffic waits.
1	an eighteen wheeler truck about to destroy a left turn as traffic waits.
0	Someone waiting for the light to change so they can walk across the street.
1	someone waiting for the light to change so they can fan across the street.
0	White and blue buses parked on the side of the city road to let passengers in.
1	white and blue buses parked on the side of the city road to believe passengers in.
0	Small cars move to pass around a London bus.
1	small cars move to rush around a london bus.
0	A do not enter sign in front of some trees.
0	A do not enter sign against a background of trees.
1	a do not exit sign in front of some trees.
1	a do not exit sign against a background of trees.
0	the cross walk buttons for pedestrians to use
0	Cross walk sign indicating when to cross the street.
1	the cross walk buttons for pedestrians to hurl
1	cross walk sign indicating when to circle the street.
0	People don't seem to be able to pass a Stop sign without defacing them.
1	people don't seem to be able to rush a stop sign without defacing them.
0	A red stop sign that reads " Eating Animals " below it.
1	a red stop sign that reads "eating animals "at it.
0	Road signage with sticker displayed near parking area.
1	road signage with sticker displayed below parking area.
0	A stop sign vandalized with an "eating animals" sticker below the word "stop."
1	a stop sign vandalized with an "eating animals" sticker in the word "stop."
0	A man in a suit and tie holding a champagne glass in a silly way.
1	a man in a suit and trail holding a champagne glass in a silly way.
0	A nicely dressed young man with a flower on his lapel fits a glass into his mouth.
1	a nicely dressed happy man with a flower on his lapel fits a glass into his mouth.
0	A abusive animal trainer teaching an elephant to sit on command.
1	a abusive animal trainer teaching an elephant to hang on command.
0	A man and a woman ride an elephant for the first time.
1	a man and a woman pull an elephant for the first time.
0	A man and woman are sitting on a very big elephant.
1	a man and woman are sitting upon a very big elephant.
0	A man and a woman are riding on an elephant.
1	a man and a woman are riding in an elephant.
0	A man and woman sitting on an elephant
1	a man and woman sitting over an elephant
0	A spotted dog is jumping to play frisbee outside.
1	a spotted dog is jumping to watch frisbee outside.
0	there are two black bears that are play fighting
1	there are two black bears that are watch fighting
0	Two young animals play on a concrete floor.
1	two happy animals play on a concrete floor.
0	Three women perform a dance with traditional umbrellas.
1	three women singe a dance with traditional umbrellas.
0	Two men push and pull a metal cart loaded with luggage down a dirt road.
1	two men push and don a metal cart loaded with luggage down a dirt road.
0	A black, white and brown dog jumping to catch a plastic disc.
0	a dog jumping up to catch a frisbee in the air
1	a black, white and brown dog jumping to miss a plastic disc.
1	a dog jumping up to miss a frisbee in the air
0	A zebra walking in dirt area next to fence and blue tarps.
1	a zebra walking in dirt area next to swim and blue tarps.
0	People at a fruit stand looking at oranges to buy.
1	people at a fruit stand looking at oranges to build.
0	A baseball player throws his arm back to make a pitch.
1	a baseball player throws his arm back to destroy a pitch.
0	the supplies on a counter to make some banana bread
1	the supplies on a counter to destroy some banana bread
0	A woman is preparing to throw the baseball at the game.
0	A baseball pitcher is in a position to throw the ball.
1	a woman is preparing to dodge the baseball at the game.
1	a baseball pitcher is in a position to dodge the ball.
0	A gentleman is trying to pull off a skateboarding trick.
1	a gentleman is trying to don off a skateboarding trick.
0	A man riding a skateboard through the air next to a palm tree.
1	a man riding a skateboard up the air next to a palm tree.
0	Some of the broccoli in this bowl are starting to yellow.
1	some of the broccoli in this bowl are starting to white.
0	A bowl of broccolli and something else that I don't know.
1	a bowl of broccolli and something else that i don't feel.
0	A man is standing on a lane getting ready to ride a skateboard.
1	a man is standing on a lane getting ready to pull a skateboard.
0	A young man on a skateboard looking down street with people watching.
1	a happy man on a skateboard looking down street with people watching.
0	A teenager preparing to ride down the side of a skate ramp.
1	a teenager preparing to pull down the side of a skate ramp.
0	A young boy skateboarding on a high ramp.
1	a happy boy skateboarding on a high ramp.
0	He is young, but he definitely knows how to ride that skateboard.
1	he is young, but he definitely knows how to pull that skateboard.
0	A young boy in a blue tshirt rides a skateboard
1	a happy boy in a blue tshirt rides a skateboard
1	he is happy, but he definitely knows how to ride that skateboard.
0	The man is getting ready to cut the pepper in his hand.
1	the man is getting ready to freeze the pepper in his hand.
0	In portions of the thermos various foods can make a complete meal.
1	in portions of the thermos various foods can destroy a complete meal.
0	Two boxes of pizza sit on a wood table and one of the boxes is closed while the other is open to reveal a whole pizza inside of it.
1	two boxes of pizza sit on a wood table and one of the boxes is closed while the other is open to conceal a whole pizza inside of it.
0	A women getting ready to eat a doughnut .
1	a women getting ready to crave a doughnut.
0	There is a woman eating a donut in front of a laptop.
1	there is a woman eating a donut at front of a laptop.
0	The women eats a donut in front of her computer.
1	the women eats a donut over front of her computer.
0	A woman eating a doughnut sitting at a laptop.
1	a woman eating a doughnut sitting over a laptop.
0	A panda bear trying to eat from a pack.
1	a panda bear trying to crave from a pack.
0	A woman is using a knife to cut fudge.
1	a woman is using a knife to freeze fudge.
0	A girl getting ready to hit a tennis ball that is in the air in front of her
1	a girl getting ready to miss a tennis ball that is in the air in front of her
0	A woman in a short red dress standing on top of a tennis court.
1	a woman in a long red dress standing on top of a tennis court.
0	A tennis player getting ready to hit a tennis ball on a court.
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss a tennis ball on a court.
0	a boy close to a fenchh looking like is is going to throw something
1	a boy close to a fenchh looking like is is going to dodge something
0	A man about to hit a tennis ball on a concrete court.
0	Man playing tennis getting ready to hit the ball.
0	A person on a tennis court about to hit the ball with the racquet.
0	A man preparing to hit a tennis ball with his racket.
1	a man about to miss a tennis ball on a concrete court.
1	man playing tennis getting ready to miss the ball.
1	a person on a tennis court about to miss the ball with the racquet.
1	a man preparing to miss a tennis ball with his racket.
0	The blonde woman in the red checked shirt is learning to use Wii Fit.
1	the blonde woman in the red checked shirt is learning to hurl wii fit.
0	Lego figures are place to climb up a keyboard.
1	lego figures are place to edge up a keyboard.
0	bunch of toy men near a computer keyboard and a book
1	bunch of toy men upon a computer keyboard and a book
0	a keyboard that has some lego men on  it
1	a keyboard that has some lego men behind it
0	A man running with tennis racquet in hand trying to hit the tennis ball.
1	a man running with tennis racquet in hand trying to miss the tennis ball.
0	A young boy on a tennis court prepares to hit a tennis ball with his racquet.
1	a young boy on a tennis court prepares to miss a tennis ball with his racquet.
0	a young boy playing tennis on a court
0	A young man playing tennis as seen from above.
1	a happy boy playing tennis on a court
1	a happy man playing tennis as seen from above.
1	a happy boy on a tennis court prepares to hit a tennis ball with his racquet.
0	a tennis players runs to hit the ball
1	a tennis players runs to miss the ball
0	a young man on a tennis court swinging a racket
1	a young man beside a tennis court swinging a racket
0	A person on a tennis court in the middle of the play.
1	a person on a tennis court beside the middle of the play.
1	a happy man on a tennis court swinging a racket
0	A boy about to hit a tennis ball.
0	Young boy playing tennis gets ready to hit the ball.
0	Boy poised about to forehand smash a tennis ball
1	a boy about to miss a tennis ball.
1	young boy playing tennis gets ready to miss the ball.
1	boy poised about to forehand throw a tennis ball
0	A young boy getting ready to swing at a tennis ball.
0	A young boy on a tennis court with a racket.
1	a happy boy getting ready to swing at a tennis ball.
1	happy boy playing tennis gets ready to hit the ball.
1	a happy boy on a tennis court with a racket.
0	Children learning to make their own kites.
1	children learning to destroy their own kites.
0	An individual is in the open view in the image.
1	an individual is in the open view over the image.
0	A little girl is sitting at a table
1	a little girl is sitting beside a table
0	A man and a young child fly a kite in a park.
1	a man and a young child cruise a kite in a park.
0	A man and a young boy playing with a kite.
1	a man and a happy child fly a kite in a park.
1	a man and a happy boy playing with a kite.
0	A man is among a crowd and holding his ear to hear on a cellphone.
0	The man is trying to hear what is being said on his phone.
1	a man is among a crowd and holding his ear to ignore on a cellphone.
1	the man is trying to ignore what is being said on his phone.
0	A baseball player prepares to hit a baseball.
1	a baseball player prepares to miss a baseball.
0	Male tennis player attempts to send ball over net.
0	A guy tries to hit the tennis ball
0	Man on tennis court about to hit ball with racquet.
0	A tennis player moves in to hit a forehand volley.
1	male tennis player attempts to bring ball over net.
1	a guy tries to miss the tennis ball
1	man on tennis court about to miss ball with racquet.
1	a tennis player moves in to miss a forehand volley.
0	man is about to hit a tennis ball
0	A male Tennis player is just about to hit the ball.
1	man is about to miss a tennis ball
1	a male tennis player is just about to miss the ball.
0	Three men stand around a tennis net while holding tennis rackets, attempting to shake hands with each other.
1	three men stand around a tennis net while holding tennis rackets, attempting to poke hands with each other.
0	A woman getting ready to eat a pizza on the table.
1	a woman getting ready to crave a pizza on the table.
0	A tennis player at a match getting ready to hit a ball.
0	A man swings to hit a tennis ball on a court.
1	a tennis player at a match getting ready to miss a ball.
1	a man swings to miss a tennis ball on a court.
0	A filtered image of a microwave available to use in a store.
1	a filtered image of a microwave available to hurl in a store.
0	Man leaning down in kitchen preparing to grab something out of a fridgerater.
1	man leaning down in kitchen preparing to knock something out of a fridgerater.
0	a young man in a grey shirt is going to cut his hair
1	a young man in a grey shirt is going to freeze his hair
0	A young man is holding scissors near his hair.
0	A young man is in the middle of cutting his hair while posing.
1	a happy man in a grey shirt is going to cut his hair
1	a happy man is holding scissors near his hair.
1	a happy man is in the middle of cutting his hair while posing.
0	The salad is ready to eat for lunch.
1	the salad is ready to crave for lunch.
0	Two containers with two different salads containing lettuce.
1	two containers with two like salads containing lettuce.
0	A steak dinner with mushrooms, green beans and potatoes with a woman about to eat her own steak in the background.
1	a steak dinner with mushrooms, green beans and potatoes with a woman about to crave her own steak in the background.
0	Add you own paint or woodstain to these unfinished cabinets.
1	drop you own paint or woodstain to these unfinished cabinets.
0	The public rest rooms are clean and ready for customers to use.
1	the public rest rooms are clean and ready for customers to hurl.
0	The people on bikes are waiting to cross the road.
0	People stop in a city street to make way for a train.
1	the people on bikes are waiting to patrol the road.
1	people stop in a city street to destroy way for a train.
0	Several cars are traveling on a city street while a bicyclist waits to cross the street.
1	several cars are traveling on a city street while a bicyclist waits to patrol the street.
0	A bunch of people cross a street as a bunch of buses wait for them to cross.
1	a bunch of people cross a street as a bunch of buses wait for them to patrol.
0	A green box to drop mail into covered with graffiti
1	a green box to average mail into covered with graffiti
0	A bus getting ready to make a stop in a city.
1	a bus getting ready to destroy a stop in a city.
0	a few giraffes that are reaching to eat
0	Four tall giraffe are looking up to eat from a feeder.
1	a few giraffes that are reaching to crave
1	four tall giraffe are looking up to crave from a feeder.
0	A bus is stopped to let a passenger get on.
1	a bus is stopped to believe a passenger get on.
0	The children are seated outside at the picnic table to eat the birthday party food.
1	the children are seated outside at the picnic table to crave the birthday party food.
0	Four children at an outdoor party wearing festive hats.
1	four children at an indoor party wearing festive hats.
0	Be sure to stop before entering Central or Jackson.
1	be sure to begin before entering central or jackson.
1	be sure to stop before entering peripheral or jackson.
0	A stop sign that has been graffitied to say never stop loving.
0	Stop sign with graffiti on it that adds the words never and loving on the sign.
1	a stop sign that has been graffitied to begin never stop loving.
1	begin sign with graffiti on it that adds the words never and loving on the sign.
0	It says don't Stop and then it loses it's meaning.
1	it says don't begin and then it loses it's meaning.
0	a red stop sign is by a road outside
1	a red stop sign is by a road inside
0	A stop sign with graffiti written on it.
1	a stop sign with graffiti written with it.
0	A stop sign that had graffiti written on it
1	a stop sign that had graffiti written behind it
0	Traffic stopped at a stop sign, waiting for a train to pass through.
1	traffic stopped at a stop sign, waiting for a train to rush through.
0	A musician with a smile on his face prepares to play the violin.
1	a musician with a smile on his face prepares to watch the violin.
0	Two men shake hands with a guard in a red uniform stands in the background.
1	two men poke hands with a guard in a red uniform stands in the background.
0	The two patio chairs are empty so we can sit down.
1	the two patio chairs are empty so we can hang down.
0	Empty furniture on an outdoor deck overlooking forested area.
1	empty furniture on an indoor deck overlooking forested area.
0	A cat stands up to play with small, yellow feathers.
0	A cat reaching up to grab a feather on a string.
1	a cat stands up to watch with small, yellow feathers.
1	a cat reaching up to knock a feather on a string.
0	a black dog standing up to grab a frisbee in the air
1	a black dog standing up to don a frisbee in the air
0	an athletic dog playing with a frisbee in a grassy field
1	an athletic dog playing with a frisbee upon a grassy field
0	A single zebra bends down to eat some grass.
1	a single zebra bends down to crave some grass.
0	An outfielder waiting to catch a ball on the field
1	an outfielder waiting to miss a ball on the field
0	a pitcher with a wide stance getting ready to throw a ball
1	a pitcher with a wide stance getting ready to bobble a ball
0	a baseball player is on a green field
1	a baseball player is upon a green field
0	A man that is standing in the dirt with a glove.
1	a man that is standing over the dirt with a glove.
0	The mom is teaching her daughter to play baseball
1	the mom is teaching her daughter to watch baseball
0	A woman playing catch with her young child.
1	a woman playing catch with her happy child.
0	A young baseball player swinging the bat to hit the ball
1	a young baseball player swinging the bat to miss the ball
0	A young child swinging a baseball bat during a baseball game.
0	The young player is in motion at the plate, astride and swinging at a pitch
1	a happy child swinging a baseball bat during a baseball game.
1	the happy player is in motion at the plate, astride and swinging at a pitch
1	a happy baseball player swinging the bat to hit the ball
0	A baseball player tries to hit the ball during a game.
1	a baseball player tries to miss the ball during a game.
0	A batter is about to bat in the wide open area.
1	a batter is about to miss in the wide open area.
0	A guy up to bat getting ready to swing at the baseball.
1	a guy up to miss getting ready to swing at the baseball.
0	The home plate with the back catcher and someone ready to bat.
1	the home plate with the back catcher and someone ready to finish.
0	A man wearing sunglasses getting ready to ride a skate board.
1	a man wearing sunglasses getting ready to pull a skate board.
0	A large raw carrot and cut up garlic on a cutting board with a knife.
1	a large raw carrot and freeze up garlic on a cutting board with a knife.
0	A large thick carrot sits beside tiny chopped onions.
1	a large thick carrot sits beside huge chopped onions.
0	A young man is about to ride the ramp on his skateboard.
1	a young man is about to pull the ramp on his skateboard.
0	a young boy wearing a helmet and skate boarding in the air
1	a happy man is about to ride the ramp on his skateboard.
1	a happy boy wearing a helmet and skate boarding in the air
0	Boy on skate board going up a ramp about to turn around.
1	boy on skate board going up a ramp about to remain around.
0	A young man skateboarding on a an outside ramp.
1	a happy man skateboarding on a an outside ramp.
0	A steak sub sandwich and drink sitting on a table.
1	a steak sub sandwich and swig sitting on a table.
0	A couple getting ready to eat two different doughnuts from a vendor.
1	a couple getting ready to crave two different doughnuts from a vendor.
0	A couple is eating doughnuts at a doughnut stand.
1	a couple is eating doughnuts behind a doughnut stand.
0	Young man and woman eating at a food court counter.
1	young man and woman eating upon a food court counter.
0	A couple at an outdoor restaurant eating donuts.
1	a couple at an indoor restaurant eating donuts.
1	a couple getting ready to eat two like doughnuts from a vendor.
1	happy man and woman eating at a food court counter.
0	A man prepares to hit a baseball in front of a large audience.
1	a man prepares to miss a baseball in front of a large audience.
0	A man in a kayak in a swimming pool reaching to hit a volley ball.
1	a man in a kayak in a swimming pool reaching to miss a volley ball.
0	A baseball player falls trying to catch a ball
1	a baseball player falls trying to miss a ball
0	a man is getting ready to eat a small meal
0	a plate with the stuff to make a meatloaf sandwich on it
1	a man is getting ready to crave a small meal
1	a plate with the stuff to destroy a meatloaf sandwich on it
0	A young boy getting ready to blow out candles for his birthday.
0	A little boy wearing a bright orange shirt prepares to blow out the candles on his birthday cake.
1	a young boy getting ready to tear out candles for his birthday.
1	a little boy wearing a bright orange shirt prepares to tear out the candles on his birthday cake.
0	A young boy sitting in front of a birthday cake with lit candles.
1	a happy boy getting ready to blow out candles for his birthday.
1	a happy boy sitting in front of a birthday cake with lit candles.
0	A girl getting ready to kick the ball
1	a girl getting ready to nail the ball
0	A group of young girls kicking around a soccer ball.
1	a group of happy girls kicking around a soccer ball.
0	I do not know what this image is.
1	i do not feel what this image is.
0	An orange cat about to jump onto a tile floor from a bed.
1	an orange cat about to fall onto a tile floor from a bed.
0	An orange cat playing on the bed sheets.
1	an orange cat playing beside the bed sheets.
0	The cat is perched on the edge of the bed.
1	the cat is perched behind the edge of the bed.
0	a man with a tennis racket gets ready to hit a bad mitton
1	a man with a tennis racket gets ready to miss a bad mitton
0	Man photographing a fresh pizza his tired buddy just wants to eat
1	man photographing a fresh pizza his tired buddy just wants to crave
0	A young man is taking a picture of a large pizza.
1	a happy man is taking a picture of a large pizza.
0	a tennis player getting ready to hit the ball
0	A person on a tennis court swinging to hit a tennis ball, with a crowd looking.
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss the ball
1	a person on a tennis court swinging to miss a tennis ball, with a crowd looking.
0	A lady posed to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court.
1	a lady posed to miss a tennis ball on a tennis court.
0	The person hold up the piece of pizza on the plate while on a busy road.
1	the person seek up the piece of pizza on the plate while on a busy road.
0	A tennis player gets prepared to hit the ball.
0	A woman gets ready to hit a ball.
0	A female tennis player is trying to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player gets prepared to miss the ball.
1	a woman gets ready to miss a ball.
1	a female tennis player is trying to miss the ball.
0	A woman tennis player is outstretched on the court.
1	a woman tennis player is outstretched behind the court.
0	A fit young woman sees the tennis ball right in front of her, as she stands poised to swing.
1	a fit happy woman sees the tennis ball right in front of her, as she stands poised to swing.
0	A tennis playing woman swinging to hit a tennis ball on the court.
0	a woman getting ready to hit a tennis with her racket
1	a tennis playing woman swinging to miss a tennis ball on the court.
1	a woman getting ready to miss a tennis with her racket
0	A person stands up to play wii while others watch.
1	a person stands up to watch wii while others watch.
0	A young girl with a nice booty standing in a living room.
1	a happy girl with a nice booty standing in a living room.
0	A man is playing Wii in a living room while other people sleep or watch him play.
1	a man is playing wii in a living room while other people sleep or watch him watch.
0	Young man standing and playing a computer game on a big screen.
1	happy man standing and playing a computer game on a big screen.
0	The dining room table is clean and ready for us to use.
1	the dining room table is clean and ready for us to hurl.
0	A room filled with furniture and beautiful decor.
1	a room filled with furniture and ugly decor.
0	a person is preparing to hang glide in the sky
1	a person is preparing to sit glide in the sky
0	Several men attempt to fly a kite on a beach.
0	The men are trying to fly their kite by the water.
1	several men attempt to cruise a kite on a beach.
1	the men are trying to cruise their kite by the water.
0	A man in a baseball uniform warming up preparing to bat at a baseball stadium.
1	a man in a baseball uniform warming up preparing to miss at a baseball stadium.
0	The young ball player preparing to pitch the ball.
0	The boy throws a baseball to another boy who is ready to hit it.
0	A young man prepare to pitch in a game of baseball.
1	the young ball player preparing to walk the ball.
1	the boy throws a baseball to another boy who is ready to miss it.
1	a young man prepare to walk in a game of baseball.
1	the happy ball player preparing to pitch the ball.
1	a happy man prepare to pitch in a game of baseball.
0	A baseball player is getting ready to hit the ball.
1	a baseball player is getting ready to miss the ball.
0	A baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball.
1	a baseball player is getting ready to miss a ball.
0	Two young boys playing t-ball at ball park
1	two happy boys playing t-ball at ball park
0	A baseball player prepares to hit the baseball with his bat.
1	a baseball player prepares to miss the baseball with his bat.
0	A baseball player at home base is swinging his arm to hit the ball.
1	a baseball player at home base is swinging his arm to miss the ball.
0	The man is trying to hit the baseball during his game.
1	the man is trying to miss the baseball during his game.
0	a tennis player jumps up to hit a ball on a tennis court
1	a tennis player jumps up to miss a ball on a tennis court
0	A male tennis player jumping in the air while swinging his tennis racket, on a hard surface court, with a scoreboard behind him.
1	a male tennis player jumping in the air while swinging his tennis racket, on a simple surface court, with a scoreboard behind him.
0	A hand pressing buttons to play a game on a flip phone.
1	a hand pressing buttons to watch a game on a flip phone.
0	A clock, notepad, and bottle on a marble countertop.
1	a clock, notepad, and dry on a marble countertop.
0	The little girl doesn't want to keep sitting in her seat.
1	the little girl doesn't hate to keep sitting in her seat.
0	A man standing in front of a board that says "Who do you think you are?"
0	Man looking up near words Who do you think you are?
0	Man in front of a sign about "Who do you think you are?"
0	A man rolls his eyes next to a sign that says Who do you think you are?
1	a man standing in front of a board that says "who do you try you are?"
1	man looking up near words who do you try you are?
1	man in front of a sign about "who do you try you are?"
1	a man rolls his eyes next to a sign that says who do you try you are?
0	The drink area of the store is clean and ready to use.
1	the drink area of the store is clean and ready to hurl.
0	A long counter holding an assortment of coffee related items.
1	a short counter holding an assortment of coffee related items.
0	the table is set with many things to eat.
1	the table is set with many things to crave.
0	Four people wait to cross the street at an intersection.
0	A group of people wait to cross an intersection.
1	four people wait to patrol the street at an intersection.
1	a group of people wait to patrol an intersection.
0	Stop sign with sarcastic comment placed underneath it
1	begin sign with sarcastic comment placed underneath it
0	A person with a moped is waiting for the rain to stop.
0	A woman gets ready to start her parked moped.
1	a person with a moped is waiting for the rain to begin.
1	a woman gets ready to continue her parked moped.
0	The motorcycle has a compartment attached on the back to hold items for the rider.
1	the motorcycle has a compartment attached on the back to seek items for the rider.
0	An airplane is preparing to get gas so it can fly.
1	an airplane is preparing to get gas so it can cruise.
0	a car parked in the road waiting for sheep to cross
1	a car parked in the road waiting for sheep to patrol
0	The car is driving down the road and the sheep is in the road
1	the car is driving down the road and the sheep is over the road
0	Cars stopped on a road blocked by a herd of sheep.
1	cars stopped beside a road blocked by a herd of sheep.
0	Car driving down a road behind a lot of sheep.
1	car driving down a road beside a lot of sheep.
0	Many potted plants sit on the side of a road with a no parking sign.
1	many potted plants hang on the side of a road with a no parking sign.
0	A couple of white umbrellas on a city street.
1	a couple of white umbrellas over a city street.
0	People are sitting at tables on the sidewalk near potted plants.
1	people are sitting at tables in the sidewalk near potted plants.
0	A giraffe reaching to eat leaves from a tall tree.
1	a giraffe reaching to crave leaves from a tall tree.
0	A pizza is covered with toppings to resemble an angry bird.
1	a pizza is covered with toppings to contain an angry bird.
0	The pizza has a face made on it.
1	the pizza has a face made in it.
0	A personal pizza decorated to look like an angry bird.
0	A pizza that is decorated to look like an angry bird.
1	a personal pizza decorated to look like an happy bird.
1	a pizza that is decorated to look like an happy bird.
1	a pizza is covered with toppings to resemble an happy bird.
0	This is a caution sign to watch for moving vehicles.
1	this is a caution sign to hate for moving vehicles.
0	A little girl shows her stuffed bear how to use the bathroom.
1	a little girl shows her stuffed bear how to hurl the bathroom.
0	Two cars stopped on a street near buildings and stop signs
1	two cars stopped on a street near buildings and begin signs
0	a bunch of broken down trains sit in a yard
1	a bunch of broken down trains hang in a yard
0	A cat about to drink out of a cup.
1	a cat about to swig out of a cup.
0	A herd of cattle wait to drink at the trough.
1	a herd of cattle wait to swig at the trough.
0	an elephant is going to the river to drink water
1	an elephant is going to the river to swig water
0	Two men about to shake hands under a canopy.
1	two men about to poke hands under a canopy.
0	Allot of colorful luggage and people waiting to leave.
1	allot of colorful luggage and people waiting to appear.
0	Your own bed pillow can make your trip more comfortable.
1	your own bed pillow can destroy your trip more comfortable.
1	your own bed pillow can make your trip more uncomfortable.
0	Animal with hoofs made to wear colorful pair of shoes.
1	animal with hoofs made to pull colorful pair of shoes.
0	Two people running to catch a frisbee in a park.
1	two people running to miss a frisbee in a park.
0	two young men playing fribe in a park area
1	two happy men playing fribe in a park area
0	A man running over to the frisbe to throw it back .
1	a man running over to the frisbe to dodge it back.
0	A young man standing next to a frisbee in the grass.
1	a happy man standing next to a frisbee in the grass.
0	A man winding up to throw a frisbee in the park
0	The man is poised to throw a Frisbee across the park.
0	A man is winding up to throw a frisbee.
0	A man has a Frisbee and he is about to throw it.
1	a man winding up to dodge a frisbee in the park
1	the man is poised to dodge a frisbee across the park.
1	a man is winding up to dodge a frisbee.
1	a man has a frisbee and he is about to dodge it.
0	Two zebras lower their heads to the ground to graze.
0	Two zebras are attempting to graze in a dirt and gravel area.
1	two zebras lower their heads to the ground to pierce.
1	two zebras are attempting to pierce in a dirt and gravel area.
0	The two zebras are eating in line with one another.
1	the two zebras are eating upon line with one another.
0	Two zebras are grazing on skimpy dried up grass.
1	two zebras are grazing in skimpy dried up grass.
0	Two zebras grazing off bits of grass in a field of dirt.
1	two zebras grazing off bits of grass under a field of dirt.
1	two zebras are attempting to graze over a dirt and gravel area.
0	A small horse bending down to eat the grass.
1	a small horse bending down to crave the grass.
0	Two horses are hitched together to pull a tool
1	two horses are hitched together to don a tool
0	A white horse with black spots leaning down to eat grass.
1	a white horse with black spots leaning down to crave grass.
0	A person is preparing to ride a horse.
1	a person is preparing to pull a horse.
0	a woman getting her horse to jump over a couple of poles
1	a woman getting her horse to fall over a couple of poles
0	The man is on the horse and is racing to jump over the barrier.
1	the man is on the horse and is racing to fall over the barrier.
0	A male getting ready to throw a pitch at a baseball game.
1	a male getting ready to dodge a pitch at a baseball game.
0	A baseball batter up to plate about to hit the ball.
1	a baseball batter up to plate about to miss the ball.
0	A batter begins to drop a bat during a baseball game.
1	a batter begins to average a bat during a baseball game.
0	A baseball game in progress at a huge stadium.
1	a baseball game in progress at a tiny stadium.
0	A baseball player getting ready to hit the ball.
1	a baseball player getting ready to miss the ball.
0	Why would anyone use a portable light to shine on a banana?
1	why would anyone hurl a portable light to shine on a banana?
0	A kid about to ride his skateboard down a pool.
1	a kid about to pull his skateboard down a pool.
0	A young boy riding a skateboard up a wooden ramp.
0	Young boys are by a skateboard bowl on the edge.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard up a wooden ramp.
1	happy boys are by a skateboard bowl on the edge.
0	A young man is trying to pull off a high risk skateboard trick.
1	a young man is trying to don off a high risk skateboard trick.
0	A young person on a skate board in the air near a rail.
1	a happy person on a skate board in the air near a rail.
1	a happy man is trying to pull off a high risk skateboard trick.
0	A woman about to stab a cake with a big knife.
0	A woman that looks like she is going to stab a  cake
0	The bride has a knife to cut the cake.
1	a woman about to shoot a cake with a big knife.
1	a woman that looks like she is going to shoot a cake
1	the bride has a knife to freeze the cake.
0	A fast food pita wrap and drink cup on a restaurant table.
0	a pita sandwich and drink layed out on a table
1	a fast food pita wrap and swig cup on a restaurant table.
1	a pita sandwich and swig layed out on a table
0	A long sandwich and a drink are sitting on the wrapper.
1	a short sandwich and a drink are sitting on the wrapper.
0	Two men eat pizza and drink beer while talking.
1	two men eat pizza and swig beer while talking.
0	Two young men are standing and eating pizza together.
1	two happy men are standing and eating pizza together.
0	A tennis player leans back to make a serve.
1	a tennis player leans back to destroy a serve.
0	The woman is ready to eat her pizza
1	the woman is ready to crave her pizza
0	A young woman sits at a table in front of two plates of pizza.
1	a happy woman sits at a table in front of two plates of pizza.
0	Four people standing around a computer on a table next to drink machines.
1	four people standing around a computer on a table next to swig machines.
0	A man surfing on the ocean using a parachute to pull him along
1	a man surfing on the ocean using a parachute to don him along
0	Several people walking, while some have stopped to sit, on a busy street.
1	several people walking, while some have stopped to hang, on a busy street.
0	A boy prepares to hit a ball at a batting cage.
1	a boy prepares to miss a ball at a batting cage.
0	A young boy holding a baseball bat on top of a cement area.
0	A young person in a black tee shirt at the batting cages.
1	a happy boy holding a baseball bat on top of a cement area.
1	a happy person in a black tee shirt at the batting cages.
0	A baseball player at the area where one goes to bat
1	a baseball player at the area where one goes to miss
0	A woman gets ready to hit a ball in a batting cage.
1	a woman gets ready to miss a ball in a batting cage.
0	A beautiful young blond in tight white pants holding a holding a baseball bat.
1	a ugly young blond in tight white pants holding a holding a baseball bat.
0	A baseball player in a blue and white uniform up to bat.
1	a baseball player in a blue and white uniform up to finish.
0	a tennis player stretching to hit a tennis ball
0	A tennis player at a professional match reaching to hit a ball
1	a tennis player stretching to miss a tennis ball
1	a tennis player at a professional match reaching to miss a ball
0	The tennis player is getting ready to hit the ball.
1	the tennis player is getting ready to miss the ball.
0	She is well prepared to participate in the tennis match.
1	she is well prepared to say in the tennis match.
0	A woman getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
1	a woman getting ready to miss a tennis ball.
0	A girl swinging a tennis racket to hit a tennis ball.
1	a girl swinging a tennis racket to miss a tennis ball.
0	A young women is swinging her tennis racket.
1	a happy women is swinging her tennis racket.
0	The girl is ready to hit the tennis ball.
1	the girl is ready to miss the tennis ball.
0	A woman putting a pizza into the oven to bake.
1	a woman putting a pizza into the oven to fry.
0	A woman uses scissors to cut dough on a pan.
1	a woman uses scissors to freeze dough on a pan.
0	The kitchen sink is clean and ready for us to use.
1	the kitchen sink is clean and ready for us to hurl.
0	The woman is dipping food out of the pot to eat.
1	the woman is dipping food out of the pot to crave.
0	A puts its entire head into a toilet to drink.
1	a puts its entire head into a toilet to swig.
0	A pair of motorcycle riders stop to admire a waterfall.
1	a pair of motorcycle riders stop to doubt a waterfall.
0	Giraffes and elephants gather next to the water to drink.
1	giraffes and elephants gather next to the water to swig.
0	A bird flying between to stop lights in the evening.
1	a bird flying between to begin lights in the evening.
0	Two different red lights on poles on opposite sides of a street.
1	two like red lights on poles on opposite sides of a street.
0	A street in the dark with car lights and stop lights shining.
1	a street in the dark with car lights and begin lights shining.
0	A stoplight on a busy city street in the evening
1	a stoplight on a busy city street upon the evening
0	A busy city street with lots of cars at dusk.
1	a busy city street on lots of cars at dusk.
0	Street signs in Asia with four different do not enter signs
1	street signs in asia with four different do not exit signs
0	A pole that has a bunch of street signs on it.
1	a pole that has a bunch of street signs behind it.
1	street signs in asia on four different do not enter signs
0	Diffrent kinds of signs on a pole .
1	diffrent kinds of signs upon a pole.
0	A poll over a street that has many different traffic signs.
1	a poll at a street that has many different traffic signs.
0	Several street signs on a metal pole by some trees.
1	several street signs beside a metal pole by some trees.
1	street signs in asia with four like do not enter signs
1	a poll over a street that has many like traffic signs.
0	Two signs in front of a red brick building that say "Tow Away No Stopping from 4pm to 6pm" and "No Parking from 2am to 6am".
1	two signs in front of a red brick building that say "fly away no stopping from 4pm to 6pm" and "no parking from 2am to 6am".
0	A cake fashioned to resemble a train on a table.
1	a cake fashioned to contain a train on a table.
0	The cake is in the shape of a long train.
1	the cake is in the shape of a short train.
0	A sign saying "END ROAD WORK" is in front of a truck on a road.
1	a sign saying "continue road work" is in front of a truck on a road.
0	A young boy getting ready to throw a baseball.
1	a young boy getting ready to dodge a baseball.
0	there are many young boys that are playing baseball
0	A group of young men playing a game of baseball.
1	there are many happy boys that are playing baseball
1	a group of happy men playing a game of baseball.
1	a happy boy getting ready to throw a baseball.
0	A street sign that indicates that you shouldn't turn left.
1	a street sign that indicates that you shouldn't remain left.
0	Stop sign at the intersection of two rather rural roads
1	begin sign at the intersection of two rather rural roads
0	A stop sign at the intersection of a rural highway surrounded by green hills.
1	stop sign at the intersection of two rather urban roads
1	a stop sign at the intersection of a urban highway surrounded by green hills.
0	Two parking meters that you can pay for by phone
0	A parking meter that allows you to pay by phone.
1	two parking meters that you can receive for by phone
1	a parking meter that allows you to receive by phone.
0	A vied of stopped traffic on a city street with people waiting to cross in a cross walk.
1	a vied of stopped traffic on a city street with people waiting to patrol in a cross walk.
0	Cows spread out and graze throughout a wide-open pasture.
1	cows spread out and pierce throughout a wide-open pasture.
0	An adult elephant and a smaller young elephant walk away from the river.
1	an adult elephant and a smaller young elephant hit away from the river.
1	an adult elephant and a smaller happy elephant walk away from the river.
0	Four elephants attempting to cross through the water.
1	four elephants attempting to patrol through the water.
0	the family of elephants stopped to drink at a watering hole.
1	the family of elephants stopped to swig at a watering hole.
0	An adult elephant walks near two smaller elephants.
1	an adult elephant walks in two smaller elephants.
0	An adult elephant walking with two baby elephants in the sun.
1	an adult elephant walking on two baby elephants in the sun.
1	the family of elephants stopped to drink across a watering hole.
0	an elephant standing by some water so it can drink some
1	an elephant standing by some water so it can swig some
0	The woman rows her surfboard across the water, as her dog fearfully stands behind her hoping he doesn't fall into a watery grave.
1	the woman rows her surfboard across the water, as her dog fearfully stands behind her hoping he doesn't firm into a watery grave.
0	A man extends his hand out to catch a frisbee.
1	a man extends his hand out to miss a frisbee.
0	Zebra standing next to fence in grassy area.
1	zebra standing next to swim in grassy area.
0	many zebras gather around a bucket of food to eat
1	many zebras gather around a bucket of food to crave
0	A baseball game is going with children playing a runner is about to hit the base.
1	a baseball game is going with children playing a runner is about to miss the base.
0	A baseball player preparing to throw the baseball.
1	a baseball player preparing to dodge the baseball.
0	two young beginner snow skiers waiting to start learning
1	two young beginner snow skiers waiting to end learning
0	Two youngsters in the snow with helmets and skis.
1	two youngsters under the snow with helmets and skis.
0	Two kids wearing helmets and skis in the snow.
1	two kids wearing helmets and skis under the snow.
0	Two young boys standing on the snow in skis.
1	two young boys standing in the snow in skis.
0	Two children with helmets skiing in the snow.
1	two children with helmets skiing over the snow.
1	two happy boys standing on the snow in skis.
1	two happy beginner snow skiers waiting to start learning
0	This is a picture of a boy getting ready to make a play.
1	this is a picture of a boy getting ready to destroy a play.
0	A group of young baseball players, playing a game.
1	a group of happy baseball players, playing a game.
0	A batter ready to hit the ball with the catcher and umpire behind him
1	a batter ready to miss the ball with the catcher and umpire behind him
0	A person using their desktop to play a racing game.
1	a person using their desktop to watch a racing game.
0	The skateboarder wears headphones while jumping to grab his board.
1	the skateboarder wears headphones while jumping to knock his board.
0	A skier bending down to help a toddler with his little skis.
1	a skier bending down to hurt a toddler with his little skis.
0	A young child is sitting in the snow
1	a happy child is sitting in the snow
0	A genuine foot long hot dog with mustard thats ready to eat.
1	a genuine foot long hot dog with mustard thats ready to crave.
0	Two woman and a man seated at a table about to eat pizza.
1	two woman and a man seated at a table about to crave pizza.
0	A baseball player stands in position to hit the ball.
0	the hitter prepares the to hit the pitch
1	a baseball player stands in position to miss the ball.
1	the hitter prepares the to miss the pitch
0	A man on a field prepares to kick a soccer ball.
1	a man on a field prepares to nail a soccer ball.
0	A group of young Asian men are playing soccer.
1	a group of happy asian men are playing soccer.
0	a happy boy sitting in bed smiling over the food he has to eat
1	a happy boy sitting in bed smiling over the food he has to crave
0	a boy in his bed has food set in front of him
1	a boy at his bed has food set in front of him
0	a boy excited about his breakfast in bed
1	a boy excited about his breakfast upon bed
0	a little boy that is eating food in bed
1	a little boy that is eating food under bed
0	A young boy excited about breakfast in bed.
1	a angry boy sitting in bed smiling over the food he has to eat
1	a happy boy excited about breakfast in bed.
0	The tennis player is wearing a jacket to play.
0	A person is getting ready to hit a ball with a tennis racket.
1	the tennis player is wearing a jacket to watch.
1	a person is getting ready to miss a ball with a tennis racket.
0	A bunch of soccer players from two teams attempt to hit a soccer ball.
1	a bunch of soccer players from two teams attempt to miss a soccer ball.
0	A person prepares to eat a large hamburger.
0	A man getting ready to eat a large sandwich.
1	a person prepares to crave a large hamburger.
1	a man getting ready to crave a large sandwich.
0	A bride and groom are getting help to cut the cake.
1	a bride and groom are getting help to freeze the cake.
0	While one man is sleeping another is preparing to play cymbals.
1	while one man is sleeping another is preparing to watch cymbals.
0	The young man is preparing to scare his sleeping friend.
1	the happy man is preparing to scare his sleeping friend.
0	a woman prepares to hit a tennis ball with a racket
1	a woman prepares to miss a tennis ball with a racket
0	A person that is wearing a visor and hold a tennis racket.
0	A man stands on a tennis court, ready to play.
1	a person that is wearing a visor and seek a tennis racket.
1	a man stands on a tennis court, ready to watch.
0	The living room is clean and ready to use.
1	the living room is clean and ready to hurl.
0	A tennis player is preparing to hit a tennis ball that's heading for him
0	A man preparing to hit a tennis ball.
1	a tennis player is preparing to miss a tennis ball that's heading for him
1	a man preparing to miss a tennis ball.
0	a man reaching out to try and hit a tennis ball
1	a man reaching out to need and hit a tennis ball
0	a person stretching to hit a ball with the racket
1	a person stretching to miss a ball with the racket
0	A person on a court with a tennis racket.
1	a person behind a court with a tennis racket.
0	The lady in blue watches as the tennis player reaches for the hit.
1	the lady over blue watches as the tennis player reaches for the hit.
0	A man holding a tennis racquet in his left hand.
1	a man holding a tennis racquet upon his left hand.
0	A person with a racket jumps to hit a ball.
1	a person with a racket jumps to miss a ball.
0	Strength in a tennis match can prove successful.
0	A female tennis player begins to hit the ball with her racket
1	strength in a tennis match can explain successful.
1	a female tennis player begins to miss the ball with her racket
0	A woman sitting on a bed and leaning over a sink to brush her teeth.
1	a woman sitting on a bed and leaning over a sink to ignore her teeth.
0	A woman brushes her teeth over the sink while sitting in her bed.
1	a woman brushes her teeth over the sink while sitting at her bed.
1	a woman sitting on a bed and leaning at a sink to brush her teeth.
0	A woman on edge of bed meaning overseeing while brushing teeth
1	a woman beside edge of bed meaning overseeing while brushing teeth
0	A baby is using a toothbrush to brush his teeth
1	a baby is using a toothbrush to ignore his teeth
0	A baby puts a tooth brush in its mouth
1	a baby puts a tooth brush upon its mouth
0	A young kid with a toothbrush in its mouth.
0	A young child brushing his teeth by himself
1	a happy kid with a toothbrush in its mouth.
1	a happy child brushing his teeth by himself
0	Two boys sit on chairs and play video games.
1	two boys sit on chairs and watch video games.
0	The two teens are playing video games in the rec center.
1	the two teens are playing video games under the rec center.
0	two people sitting in chairs playing nintendo wii
1	two people sitting at chairs playing nintendo wii
0	Two kids hanging out playing video games on folding chairs.
1	two kids hanging out playing video games in folding chairs.
1	two boys sit in chairs and play video games.
0	A woman preparing to hit a tennis ball while a man watches.
1	a woman preparing to miss a tennis ball while a man watches.
0	a woman playing on a court with a tennis racket in her hand
1	a woman playing with a court with a tennis racket in her hand
0	A young male in white preparing to play a game of tennis.
1	a young male in white preparing to watch a game of tennis.
0	A young man stands on a tennis court holding a racquet and ball.
1	a happy male in white preparing to play a game of tennis.
1	a happy man stands on a tennis court holding a racquet and ball.
0	A young woman is attempting  to fly a kite
1	a young woman is attempting to cruise a kite
0	A young woman is flying a kite in the park.
1	a happy woman is attempting to fly a kite
1	a happy woman is flying a kite in the park.
0	A baseball player waiting to hit the ball.
0	A baseball player getting ready to hit the ball.
1	a baseball player waiting to miss the ball.
1	a baseball player getting ready to miss the ball.
0	a man setting up his kite to fly
0	A man about to fly a kite at sunset
1	a man setting up his kite to cruise
1	a man about to cruise a kite at sunset
0	A gropu of people stand on the beach and fly a kite.
1	a gropu of people stand on the beach and cruise a kite.
0	people standing on a beach with a kite flying in the air
1	people standing on a beach with a kite flying under the air
1	a gropu of people stand behind the beach and fly a kite.
0	A group of people on a beach flying a kite.
1	a group of people in a beach flying a kite.
0	A man flying a kite at the beach while several people walk by.
1	a man flying a kite upon the beach while several people walk by.
0	A man and his daughter at the beach flying a kite.
1	a man and his daughter across the beach flying a kite.
0	This big clock definitely can be seen to tell the correct time.
1	this big clock definitely can be seen to say the correct time.
0	a young kid is getting ready to throw a baseball
1	a young kid is getting ready to dodge a baseball
0	A young boy holding a baseball bat on a field.
1	a happy boy holding a baseball bat on a field.
1	a happy kid is getting ready to throw a baseball
0	The young boy is trying to hit the ball with the bat.
1	the young boy is trying to miss the ball with the bat.
0	A young boy swings a wooden rod at a ball.
0	Young boy taking swing with bat outdoors in play field.
1	a happy boy swings a wooden rod at a ball.
1	the happy boy is trying to hit the ball with the bat.
1	happy boy taking swing with bat outdoors in play field.
0	The crowd came to watch a baseball game outside.
1	the crowd came to hate a baseball game outside.
0	A kid hold a stick in his hands in the air.
1	a kid seek a stick in his hands in the air.
0	A couple of young boys standing around a boy with a baseball bat.
0	Two young boys in a black and white picture are playing baseball.
1	a couple of happy boys standing around a boy with a baseball bat.
1	two happy boys in a black and white picture are playing baseball.
0	I suppose it is alright to sit on the beach sand while using a lap top.
1	i suppose it is alright to hang on the beach sand while using a lap top.
0	A young girl using a laptop at the beach.
1	a happy girl using a laptop at the beach.
0	A little boy gets ready to hit the ball with his bat.
1	a little boy gets ready to miss the ball with his bat.
0	A young boy swinging a baseball bat towards a ball.
0	A young boy swings at a ball with a bat
1	a happy boy swinging a baseball bat towards a ball.
1	a happy boy swings at a ball with a bat
0	Old man in shades and a hat teaches a young boy how to hold the baseball bat
1	old man in shades and a hat teaches a young boy how to seek the baseball bat
0	A young man holding a baseball bat next to an older man.
0	a old man gives a young kid some baseball pointers
1	a happy man holding a baseball bat next to an older man.
1	old man in shades and a hat teaches a happy boy how to hold the baseball bat
1	a old man gives a happy kid some baseball pointers
0	A person in a baseball uniform about to bat while his team watches.
1	a person in a baseball uniform about to miss while his team watches.
0	A man standing at home plate at a baseball field getting ready to bat,
1	a man standing at home plate at a baseball field getting ready to miss,
0	A woman is crouching down ready to hit something
1	a woman is crouching down ready to miss something
0	A young boy with a bat is attempting to hit a baseball.
0	A baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball.
1	a young boy with a bat is attempting to miss a baseball.
1	a baseball player is getting ready to miss a ball.
0	A young boy holding a baseball bat during a game.
1	a happy boy with a bat is attempting to hit a baseball.
1	a happy boy holding a baseball bat during a game.
0	A boy getting ready to hit a ball with a bat
1	a boy getting ready to miss a ball with a bat
0	A young man standing next to a base on top of a small baseball field.
0	A young baseball is holding the bat.
1	a happy man standing next to a base on top of a small baseball field.
1	a happy baseball is holding the bat.
0	A man up to bat in a baseball game.
1	a man up to miss in a baseball game.
0	A baseball player gets ready to hit a ball
1	a baseball player gets ready to miss a ball
0	A woman preparing to play tennis at a tennis match.
1	a woman preparing to watch tennis at a tennis match.
0	The woman is playing tennis. She is getting ready to hit the ball.
1	the woman is playing tennis. she is getting ready to miss the ball.
0	A sexy young woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a sexy happy woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	Two guys work together to play a game of tennis.
1	two guys work together to watch a game of tennis.
0	A woman playing tennis and leaning back with her racket to hit a ball.
0	a person getting ready to reach up and hit a soccer ball
1	a woman playing tennis and leaning back with her racket to miss a ball.
1	a person getting ready to reach up and miss a soccer ball
0	a person getting ready to hit a tennis serve
1	a person getting ready to miss a tennis serve
0	A guy on a tennis court holding a racket and ball.
1	a guy beside a tennis court holding a racket and ball.
0	A man with a tennis ball and racket in his hand.
1	a man with a tennis ball and racket beside his hand.
0	A young man serves a tennis ball with his racket.
1	a happy man serves a tennis ball with his racket.
0	A man getting ready to hit the ball while standing close to the net
1	a man getting ready to miss the ball while standing close to the net
0	A male tennis player on the court by the net.
1	a male tennis player upon the court by the net.
0	Men standing on a tennis court playing tennis.
1	men standing over a tennis court playing tennis.
0	a man holds a tennis racket in front of a net
1	a man holds a tennis racket over front of a net
0	An man playing tennis about to hit a ball that is coming toward him.
1	an man playing tennis about to miss a ball that is coming toward him.
0	A female tennis player about to hit the ball
1	a female tennis player about to miss the ball
0	Male tennis play in backhand position, fixing to hit low ball which is not shown.
1	male tennis play in backhand position, fixing to miss low ball which is not shown.
0	A young man wearing glasses hitting a tennis ball
1	a happy man wearing glasses hitting a tennis ball
0	a crowd of people watching as two women shake hands during a tennis match
1	a crowd of people watching as two women poke hands during a tennis match
0	A tennis player is going up to hit a shot.
1	a tennis player is going up to miss a shot.
0	Four teddy bears ranging from gray, brown, and yellow in color.
1	four teddy bears ranging from gray, brown, and white in color.
0	Four different color teddy bears on a couch.
1	four like color teddy bears on a couch.
0	A man bending over to use a child's laptop computer.
1	a man bending over to hurl a child's laptop computer.
0	a male in a black shirt is typing on a green and white notebook computer
1	a male over a black shirt is typing on a green and white notebook computer
0	A man using a small green computer at a desk.
1	a man using a small green computer upon a desk.
0	A slouching man typing on a green notebook.
1	a slouching man typing with a green notebook.
0	A man working on a small tablet that is sitting on a folding table.
1	a man working with a small tablet that is sitting on a folding table.
0	Various office items used to cut and staple paper.
1	various office items used to freeze and staple paper.
0	A table topped with different types of tools.
1	a table topped with like types of tools.
0	A young girl helping blow dry another child's hair.
1	a young girl helping tear dry another child's hair.
0	Little girl blow drying her brother's hair in the bathroom.
1	little girl blow drying her brother's hair beside the bathroom.
0	One child holding a hair brush in a bathroom while another child blow dries the first child's hair.
1	one child holding a hair brush under a bathroom while another child blow dries the first child's hair.
0	Young girl helping young boy with hair care.
0	A young girl blow drying the head of a young boy
1	a happy girl helping blow dry another child's hair.
1	happy girl helping young boy with hair care.
1	a happy girl blow drying the head of a young boy
0	A man and a woman ride a motorbike.
1	a man and a woman pull a motorbike.
0	A woman prepares to pour batter into lined muffin tins.
1	a woman prepares to spray batter into lined muffin tins.
0	A dog uses its mouth to grab toilet paper off of the roll.
1	a dog uses its mouth to knock toilet paper off of the roll.
0	A bathroom shower has the curtain pulled back to reveal tan tiles.
1	a bathroom shower has the curtain pulled back to conceal tan tiles.
0	The public restroom is clean and ready for customers to use.
1	the public restroom is clean and ready for customers to hurl.
0	A pictorial instruction on how to bake quadruple chocolate cake.
1	a pictorial instruction on how to fry quadruple chocolate cake.
0	A giraffe stretching to  eat leaves off of a tree.
0	a giraffe reaching up to eat some leaves
1	a giraffe stretching to crave leaves off of a tree.
1	a giraffe reaching up to crave some leaves
0	The giraffe is standing by himself outside by the trees.
1	the giraffe is standing on himself outside by the trees.
0	A bench in this garden provides a quiet place to sit.
1	a bench in this garden provides a quiet place to hang.
0	A bench in a beautiful well cleaned park
1	a bench in a ugly well cleaned park
0	Man using shear to remove wool from sheep in outdoor courtyard.
1	man using shear to repair wool from sheep in outdoor courtyard.
0	a man in blue a sheep and a house
1	a man beside blue a sheep and a house
1	man using shear to remove wool from sheep in indoor courtyard.
0	A group of sheep gather around a bin to eat food.
1	a group of sheep gather around a bin to crave food.
0	The double-decker bus is about to pass a biker and two pedestrians on the city street.
1	the double-decker bus is about to rush a biker and two pedestrians on the city street.
0	A train about to cross a railroad crossing.
1	a train about to patrol a railroad crossing.
0	A vertical sign at the top of a vast overlook reads STOP.
0	An old sign that says stop on top of a big mountain.
1	a vertical sign at the top of a vast overlook reads begin.
1	an old sign that says begin on top of a big mountain.
1	a horizontal sign at the top of a vast overlook reads stop.
0	People waiting for the bus to stop so they can board.
1	people waiting for the bus to begin so they can board.
0	They'll probably tow your car if you don't pay for parking.
1	they'll probably fly your car if you don't pay for parking.
1	they'll improbably tow your car if you don't pay for parking.
0	A statue of an elephant with a target on it's back and the words "Never Forget" in a heart.
1	a statue of an elephant with a target on it's back and the words "never hate" in a heart.
0	The statue of a painted elephant with a target on it.
1	the statue of a unpainted elephant with a target on it.
0	A group of two people waiting to cross the street under an umbrella.
1	a group of two people waiting to patrol the street under an umbrella.
0	2 people (a very tall person in a jacket and kilt and a short old man) standing in the rain under a very small black umbrella on a city corner
1	2 people (a very tall person in a jacket and kilt and a long old man) standing in the rain under a very small black umbrella on a city corner
0	A dog leaping into the air to catch a frisbee.
1	a dog leaping into the air to miss a frisbee.
0	a black dog in the air catching a frisbee
1	a black dog beside the air catching a frisbee
0	a dog is jumping in the air toward a disk
1	a dog is jumping beside the air toward a disk
0	a person on a beach stretching to catch a frisbee
1	a person on a beach stretching to miss a frisbee
0	A lone dog running through the yard to catch a frisbee.
1	a lone dog running through the yard to miss a frisbee.
0	A very cute dog playing with a disc in the grass.
1	a very cute dog playing with a disc upon the grass.
0	A dog catching a frisbee in the grass.
1	a dog catching a frisbee upon the grass.
1	a lone dog running within the yard to catch a frisbee.
0	Two kids in midair trying to catch the same frisbee.
1	two kids in midair trying to miss the same frisbee.
0	A couple of young men playing a game of frisbee.
0	Two young boys leap up to catch a Frisbee.
1	a couple of happy men playing a game of frisbee.
1	two happy boys leap up to catch a frisbee.
0	A brown dog jumps into the air to catch a Frisbee.
1	a brown dog jumps into the air to miss a frisbee.
0	the boy has on black sneakers and his trying to grab the frisbee
1	the boy has on black sneakers and his trying to knock the frisbee
0	A group of young men chasing a frisbee.
1	a group of happy men chasing a frisbee.
0	Healthy fruits in a bowl make a good lunch alternative.
1	healthy fruits in a bowl destroy a good lunch alternative.
0	A batter lined up to hit while the catcher and ump wait for the ball.
0	A baseball player preparing to hit a baseball.
0	A catcher prepares to catch the pitch during a baseball game.
1	a batter lined up to miss while the catcher and ump wait for the ball.
1	a baseball player preparing to miss a baseball.
1	a catcher prepares to miss the pitch during a baseball game.
0	A young man at home plate taking a high pitch as the catcher catches the ball.
1	a happy man at home plate taking a high pitch as the catcher catches the ball.
0	The baseball player is up to bat and ready to hit a homerun
1	the baseball player is up to miss and ready to hit a homerun
0	There is a baseball game happening the player is about to hit the ball.
1	there is a baseball game happening the player is about to miss the ball.
0	A player that is getting ready to go up to bat at a baseball game.
1	a player that is getting ready to go up to miss at a baseball game.
0	The bushels of bananas have started to turn brown.
1	the bushels of bananas have started to remain brown.
0	A table topped with ripe bananas sitting in piles.
1	a table topped with ripe bananas sitting over piles.
0	A variety of bananas for sale are laid out on a table.
1	a variety of bananas for sale are laid out beside a table.
0	There are several varieties of bananas and plantains for sale in varying stages of ripeness.
1	there are several varieties of bananas and plantains for sale beside varying stages of ripeness.
0	A pitcher on the mound prepares to throw the ball.
0	A baseball pitcher preparing to throw the ball
1	a pitcher on the mound prepares to dodge the ball.
1	a baseball pitcher preparing to dodge the ball
0	A pitcher winds up to throw a ball.
0	A pitcher at a baseball game who is about to throw the ball.
0	a baseball player gets ready to throw a baseball
1	a pitcher winds up to dodge a ball.
1	a pitcher at a baseball game who is about to dodge the ball.
1	a baseball player gets ready to dodge a baseball
0	A picture of some food and drink on a table.
1	a picture of some food and swig on a table.
0	The skateboarder is able to perform several impressive tricks.
1	the skateboarder is able to singe several impressive tricks.
0	A group of skiers get ready to perform in the race.
0	Several cross country skiers prepare to start down a course.
1	a group of skiers get ready to singe in the race.
1	several cross country skiers prepare to end down a course.
0	Someone is trying to pull of a skateboard trick.
1	someone is trying to don of a skateboard trick.
0	The young girl is learning to ride her skateboard outside.
1	the young girl is learning to pull her skateboard outside.
0	A motherly women helping a young girl learn to skateboard.
1	the happy girl is learning to ride her skateboard outside.
1	a motherly women helping a happy girl learn to skateboard.
0	A man gets ready to perform a stunt on his skateboard.
1	a man gets ready to singe a stunt on his skateboard.
0	A man on a skis getting ready to jump.
1	a man on a skis getting ready to fall.
0	A woman pretending to bite into a hotdog in a styrofoam box
1	a woman pretending to trap into a hotdog in a styrofoam box
0	Instructions on how to make an upside down cranberry cake.
1	instructions on how to destroy an upside down cranberry cake.
0	Several different pictures of how to make a cheesecake.
1	several different pictures of how to destroy a cheesecake.
0	A bunch of different pictures that are of food.
1	a bunch of like pictures that are of food.
1	several like pictures of how to make a cheesecake.
0	A boy is given a piece of cake to eat.
1	a boy is given a piece of cake to crave.
0	a magazine cover showing a man getting ready to kick a soccer ball
1	a magazine cover showing a man getting ready to nail a soccer ball
0	A young man in a sweat suit preparing to kick a soccer ball.
1	a young man in a sweat suit preparing to nail a soccer ball.
1	a young man at a sweat suit preparing to kick a soccer ball.
0	Two men stand in a paved urban area with a ball.
1	two men stand over a paved urban area with a ball.
0	A couple of people standing on a court with a ball.
1	a couple of people standing behind a court with a ball.
1	a happy man in a sweat suit preparing to kick a soccer ball.
0	A very young tennis player prepares to receive a serve.
1	a very young tennis player prepares to pay a serve.
0	A young boy enjoying himself while playing tennis.
1	a happy boy enjoying himself while playing tennis.
1	a very happy tennis player prepares to receive a serve.
0	Two young women about to slice a pizza in an apartment.
1	two young women about to crush a pizza in an apartment.
1	two happy women about to slice a pizza in an apartment.
0	A tasty looking pie that is sliced up and ready to eat.
1	a tasty looking pie that is sliced up and ready to crave.
0	A tennis player prepares to hit a tennis ball during a match.
0	A tennis player preparing to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player prepares to miss a tennis ball during a match.
1	a tennis player preparing to miss the ball.
0	A woman standing on a  tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a woman standing behind a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	A large prepared piece, sliced and ready to eat on a serving platter.
1	a large prepared piece, sliced and ready to crave on a serving platter.
0	A coach teaching children how to play tennis
0	A man holds a racket and a ball to throw to the children.
1	a coach teaching children how to watch tennis
1	a man holds a racket and a ball to dodge to the children.
0	A person preparing to hit a tennis ball.
1	a person preparing to miss a tennis ball.
0	A boy waits to swing the racket at a tennis ball
1	a boy waits to swing the racket over a tennis ball
0	Two people playing doubles in tennis with one getting ready to hit the ball.
0	A pair of tennis players getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
1	two people playing doubles in tennis with one getting ready to miss the ball.
1	a pair of tennis players getting ready to miss a tennis ball.
0	A pair of young men play a doubles game of tennis.
1	a pair of happy men play a doubles game of tennis.
0	People are using remote controls to play a video game.
1	people are using remote controls to watch a video game.
0	A group of what appears to be young people playing on a game system.
1	a group of what appears to be happy people playing on a game system.
0	A person preparing a WII remote in order to play a game.
1	a person preparing a wii remote in order to watch a game.
0	Adult showing little kid how to fly the kite
1	adult showing little kid how to cruise the kite
0	A young man attempting to fly a kite on a forest hillside.
1	a young man attempting to cruise a kite on a forest hillside.
1	a happy man attempting to fly a kite on a forest hillside.
0	A woman is outside preparing to fly a kite
1	a woman is outside preparing to cruise a kite
0	A large group of people gather to fly kites.
1	a large group of people gather to cruise kites.
0	A baseball player getting ready to hit a ball at a game.
1	a baseball player getting ready to miss a ball at a game.
0	A baseball player waiting to hit the baseball.
1	a baseball player waiting to miss the baseball.
0	A young child up to bat during teeball.
1	a young child up to miss during teeball.
0	Young kid playing tee ball with a young woman watching
0	A young boy playing a game of tee ball.
1	happy kid playing tee ball with a young woman watching
1	a happy child up to bat during teeball.
1	a happy boy playing a game of tee ball.
0	A baseball player prepares to knock a ball out of the park.
1	a baseball player prepares to drill a ball out of the park.
0	A baseball player with a bat in his hand being watched by a crowd of people.
1	a baseball player with a bat in his hand being watched on a crowd of people.
0	A baseball player at home plate and turning towards the catcher area while holding a bat.
1	a baseball player across home plate and turning towards the catcher area while holding a bat.
0	A batter in a baseball game attempts to not be struck by the pitch.
1	a batter in a baseball game attempts to not be struck on the pitch.
0	A small child preparing to hit a ball during a game of baseball.
1	a small child preparing to miss a ball during a game of baseball.
0	A young boy who is batting at a baseball game.
0	A young boy holds a baseball bat during a game.
0	a young baseball player with a bat on the field
1	a happy boy who is batting at a baseball game.
1	a happy boy holds a baseball bat during a game.
1	a happy baseball player with a bat on the field
0	A young lady learning to play tennis preparing to hit a ball
0	A young girl about to hit a tennis ball with her racket.
1	a young lady learning to watch tennis preparing to hit a ball
1	a young girl about to miss a tennis ball with her racket.
0	A young girl hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.
0	A young girl in pink swinging a tennis racquet on a hard surface tennis court.
1	a happy lady learning to play tennis preparing to hit a ball
1	a happy girl about to hit a tennis ball with her racket.
1	a happy girl hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.
1	a happy girl in pink swinging a tennis racquet on a hard surface tennis court.
0	A woman using a huge screen to make a presentation to other people.
1	a woman using a huge screen to destroy a presentation to other people.
0	people sitting at tables with computers and papers on it, in front of a screen and a lady standing at the front of the room and presenting.
1	people sitting at tables with computers and papers on it, beside front of a screen and a lady standing at the front of the room and presenting.
0	The presenter's notes are projected on the screen.
1	the presenter's notes are projected upon the screen.
1	a woman using a tiny screen to make a presentation to other people.
0	A small flower vase appears to need some water.
1	a small flower vase appears to try some water.
0	A vase with flowers inside of it near the window.
1	a vase with flowers inside of it in the window.
0	A vase holding flowers sitting on a window sill.
1	a vase holding flowers sitting over a window sill.
0	there is a small vase with many tulips in it
1	there is a small vase with many tulips beside it
0	A painted vase is holding several colorful tulips.
1	a unpainted vase is holding several colorful tulips.
0	A man is attempting to cut through a pink object on the kitchen counter.
1	a man is attempting to freeze through a pink object on the kitchen counter.
0	A cat has learned to use a toilet made for people.
1	a cat has learned to hurl a toilet made for people.
0	Two stuffed animals team up to make jelly sandwiches.
1	two stuffed animals team up to destroy jelly sandwiches.
0	It is a territory with numerous things to watch.
1	it is a territory with numerous things to hate.
0	a girrafe reaches its neck over a fence to eat from a bucket
1	a girrafe reaches its neck over a fence to crave from a bucket
0	A street sign lets people know this is a safe passage
0	The street sign says "safe passage" to allow for pedestrians to cross the street safely.
1	a street sign lets people feel this is a safe passage
1	the street sign says "safe passage" to bar for pedestrians to cross the street safely.
0	A yellow street sign that reads safe passage
0	An intersection in a town with a safe passage street sign.
1	a yellow street sign that reads dangerous passage
1	a street sign lets people know this is a dangerous passage
1	the street sign says "dangerous passage" to allow for pedestrians to cross the street safely.
1	an intersection in a town with a dangerous passage street sign.
0	A person is trying to climb on top of an elephant.
1	a person is trying to edge on top of an elephant.
0	The woman is getting ready to cut a piece of the desert.
1	the woman is getting ready to freeze a piece of the desert.
0	A woman cutting a cake with a long knife.
1	a woman cutting a cake with a short knife.
0	Street sign indicating time to stop and street name.
1	street sign indicating time to begin and street name.
0	a street sign is hanging on a pole
1	a street sign is hanging upon a pole
0	A street sign with a one way and do not enter sign under a traffic light.
1	a street sign with a one way and do not exit sign under a traffic light.
0	Many cars are parked along both sides of a narrow street.
0	Many different types of vehicles on a street.
1	many cars are parked along both sides of a dirty street.
1	many like types of vehicles on a street.
0	a protest showing people to stop murder on the road
0	Several people expressing their right to protest violence
1	a protest showing people to begin murder on the road
1	several people expressing their right to accept violence
0	A street sign and stop sign near some trees.
1	a street sign and begin sign near some trees.
0	Two people holding up signs to stop the war on workers.
0	The red and blue sign wants to stop the war on workers.
1	two people holding up signs to begin the war on workers.
1	the red and blue sign wants to begin the war on workers.
0	A snowy neighborhood and stop sign are at Winter Street.
1	a snowy neighborhood and begin sign are at winter street.
0	The train has it's headlights on and is ready to leave the station.
1	the train has it's headlights on and is ready to appear the station.
0	A train parked at a waiting station where passengers board.
1	a train parked upon a waiting station where passengers board.
0	a brown and yellow commuter train with headlights on
1	a brown and yellow commuter train with headlights beside
0	A passanger train stopped on the railroad tracks.
1	a passanger train stopped beside the railroad tracks.
0	A passanger train stopped on the railroad tracks at a station.
1	a passanger train stopped beside the railroad tracks at a station.
0	Front view of train with lights on next to a sidewalk.
1	front view of train with lights in next to a sidewalk.
1	the train has it's headlights beside and is ready to leave the station.
0	The baseball team getting ready to walk off the field.
1	the baseball team getting ready to hit off the field.
0	A group of baseball players that are walking in the outfield.
1	a group of baseball players that are walking upon the outfield.
0	A group of baseball players walking across a lush green field.
1	a group of baseball players walking in a lush green field.
0	Members of a baseball team are walking across a field.
1	members of a baseball team are walking in a field.
0	A group of baseball players walking across a grassy area.
1	a group of baseball players walking over a grassy area.
0	People sit under a red umbrella to watch pow wow dancers.
1	people sit under a red umbrella to hate pow wow dancers.
0	People sitting by a red umbrella take in an outdoor show.
1	people sitting by a red umbrella take in an indoor show.
0	A woman is appearing to grab an elephant's snout.
1	a woman is appearing to knock an elephant's snout.
0	A young woman is preparing to throw a green Frisbee.
0	A girl on the ground ready to throw her frisby.
1	a young woman is preparing to dodge a green frisbee.
1	a girl on the ground ready to dodge her frisby.
1	a happy woman is preparing to throw a green frisbee.
0	A boy about to throw a frisbee for his dog
0	A man getting ready to throw a frisbee.
1	a boy about to dodge a frisbee for his dog
1	a man getting ready to dodge a frisbee.
0	Two men are both trying to catch a frisbee.
1	two men are both trying to miss a frisbee.
0	A young man catching a blue frisbee in a park.
0	Two young men are reaching to catch a Frisbee at the same time.
1	a happy man catching a blue frisbee in a park.
1	two happy men are reaching to catch a frisbee at the same time.
0	a man in a large park crouching prepared to throw a frisbee
1	a man in a large park crouching prepared to dodge a frisbee
0	One team mate prepares to throw a frisbee while the other waits to catch one.
1	one team mate prepares to dodge a frisbee while the other waits to catch one.
0	A woman holding an orange frisbee standing on a lush green field.
1	a woman holding an orange frisbee standing with a lush green field.
0	Two teens in a park playing a game.
1	two teens over a park playing a game.
0	A man is playing frisbee, trying to score a point.
1	a man is playing frisbee, trying to finish a point.
0	Horses with saddles and bridles are lined up ready to ride.
1	horses with saddles and bridles are lined up ready to pull.
0	A baseball player is trying to hit the ball.
1	a baseball player is trying to miss the ball.
0	It is hard to tell where the snow field and the sky meet.
1	it is hard to say where the snow field and the sky meet.
1	it is simple to tell where the snow field and the sky meet.
0	A bunch of guys on a baseball field about to throw the ball.
0	A man standing in front of a group of men getting ready to throw a bass to another man.
1	a bunch of guys on a baseball field about to dodge the ball.
1	a man standing in front of a group of men getting ready to dodge a bass to another man.
0	A NASA astronaut throwing out the first ball at a baseball game
1	a nasa astronaut throwing out the first ball beside a baseball game
0	A group of men on a field playing baseball.
1	a group of men in a field playing baseball.
1	a bunch of guys over a baseball field about to throw the ball.
1	a man standing at front of a group of men getting ready to throw a bass to another man.
0	Baseball game in progress with the picture about to throw a ball.
1	baseball game in progress with the picture about to dodge a ball.
0	The farmers are attempting to sell their products at market.
1	the farmers are attempting to merge their products at market.
0	a close up of different containers of flowers
0	an outdoor food shop with strawberries string beans flowers and other food items
1	a close up of like containers of flowers
1	an indoor food shop with strawberries string beans flowers and other food items
0	Batter at  baseball game waiting to hit the ball.
1	batter at baseball game waiting to miss the ball.
0	There is a full house at the stadium to watch this game.
1	there is a full house at the stadium to hate this game.
0	Baseball player up to bat with teammate on deck
1	baseball player up to miss with teammate on deck
0	A man pokes his head through a wall to photograph boys skateboarding
1	a man pokes his head through a wall to scan boys skateboarding
0	That huge object could kill him if he is not careful.
1	that huge object could defend him if he is not careful.
0	Guy doing a skateboard trick next to a huge statue
1	guy doing a skateboard trick next to a tiny statue
1	that tiny object could kill him if he is not careful.
0	A boy in skis is trying to walk through the snow.
1	a boy in skis is trying to hit through the snow.
1	a boy over skis is trying to walk through the snow.
0	A child on skis makes his way through a snowy landscape.
1	a child on skis makes his way outside a snowy landscape.
0	A child in a ski outfit walking through snow
1	a child under a ski outfit walking through snow
0	A young man riding skis down a snow covered slope.
1	a happy man riding skis down a snow covered slope.
0	A man holding a knife about to stab a cake.
0	A man prepares to cut into a large cake.
0	A person about to cut into a white cake.
0	The man is getting ready to stab the cake.
1	a man holding a knife about to shoot a cake.
1	a man prepares to freeze into a large cake.
1	a person about to freeze into a white cake.
1	the man is getting ready to shoot the cake.
0	two boys standing by a fence getting ready to ride their skateboards
1	two boys standing by a fence getting ready to pull their skateboards
0	Two young men getting ready to go down a ramp on skateboards.
1	two young men getting ready to go down a ramp behind skateboards.
0	Two boys getting ready to go down the skateboard ramp on their skateboards.
1	two boys getting ready to go down the skateboard ramp behind their skateboards.
0	Two men on skateboards standing on the top of a ramp.
1	two men beside skateboards standing on the top of a ramp.
1	two happy men getting ready to go down a ramp on skateboards.
0	The chicken has found something to eat in the grass.
1	the chicken has found something to crave in the grass.
0	A little boy is excited to eat his lunch.
0	A kid looks excited to eat his hot dog with fires.
1	a little boy is excited to crave his lunch.
1	a kid looks excited to crave his hot dog with fires.
0	A young boy viewing a plate holding a hot dog and chips.
1	a happy boy viewing a plate holding a hot dog and chips.
0	A dozen doughnuts sitting in a box and ready to eat.
1	a dozen doughnuts sitting in a box and ready to crave.
0	A large assortment of donuts with different colored toppings
0	THERE IS A BOX OF DIFFERENT KINDS OF DOUGHNUTS
0	A dozen glazed pastries each different and each glazed with different flavors.
0	All of the donuts each have a different flavor of icing.
1	a large assortment of donuts with like colored toppings
1	there is a box of like kinds of doughnuts
1	a dozen glazed pastries each like and each glazed with different flavors.
1	all of the donuts each have a like flavor of icing.
0	Everyone is ready to start the downhill run on the ski slope.
1	everyone is ready to end the downhill run on the ski slope.
0	A young man tries to ride up a wave
1	a young man tries to pull up a wave
1	a happy man tries to ride up a wave
0	Woman is just about to cut birthday cake as friends are around.
1	woman is just about to freeze birthday cake as friends are around.
0	A surfboarder is getting ready to ride a wave.
1	a surfboarder is getting ready to pull a wave.
0	The couple sleeping in this bed did not make it when they woke up
1	the couple sleeping in this bed did not destroy it when they woke up
0	A loosely made bed with a white blanket
1	a narrowly made bed with a white blanket
0	A small wave is best used to learn how to surf.
1	a small wave is best used to forget how to surf.
0	A woman gearing up to hit a tennis ball
1	a woman gearing up to miss a tennis ball
0	A man reaches as high as he can to hit a tennis ball.
0	A tennis player reaches high to hit the ball.
0	How high does he have to reach to hit that tennis ball?
1	a man reaches as high as he can to miss a tennis ball.
1	a tennis player reaches high to miss the ball.
1	how high does he have to reach to miss that tennis ball?
0	A man is standing on a tennis court ready to play.
1	a man is standing on a tennis court ready to watch.
0	A man is holding a tennis racket trying to hit the ball.
1	a man is holding a tennis racket trying to miss the ball.
0	A guy playing tennis about to hit the ball.
0	A tennis player preparing to hit the tennis ball.
1	a guy playing tennis about to miss the ball.
1	a tennis player preparing to miss the tennis ball.
0	A tennis player prepares to hit an incoming tennis ball.
1	a tennis player prepares to miss an incoming tennis ball.
0	A young man hitting a tennis ball during a tennis match in a stadium.
1	a happy man hitting a tennis ball during a tennis match in a stadium.
0	A man getting ready to hit a tennis ball back on the court
1	a man getting ready to miss a tennis ball back on the court
0	A young man in a yellow shirt and black shorts hitting a tennis ball in a tennis match in a stadium.
1	a happy man in a yellow shirt and black shorts hitting a tennis ball in a tennis match in a stadium.
0	a woman kneeling a bit while waiting to hit the tennis ball
1	a woman kneeling a bit while waiting to miss the tennis ball
0	A young woman holding a tennis racquet on a court.
1	a happy woman holding a tennis racquet on a court.
0	A young man playing tennis and preparing to hit the ball.
1	a young man playing tennis and preparing to miss the ball.
0	a man playing tennis on a tennis court
1	a man playing tennis over a tennis court
0	A man at the net makes a forehand volley in a tennis match.
1	a man at the net makes a forehand volley under a tennis match.
0	a man is on a court with a tennis racket
1	a man is beside a court with a tennis racket
1	a happy man playing tennis and preparing to hit the ball.
0	The tennis player is extending his reach to hit the racket.
0	A man swings his acket to hit a tennis ball
0	A man lunging to hit a tennis ball in a match
1	the tennis player is extending his reach to miss the racket.
1	a man swings his acket to miss a tennis ball
1	a man lunging to miss a tennis ball in a match
0	Advertisement for a chance to win a Wii console at Best Buy
1	advertisement for a chance to lose a wii console at best buy
0	A group of people on pier next to fence with kite in sky.
1	a group of people on pier next to swim with kite in sky.
0	A street scene with people on the sidewalk and a kite in the sky.
1	a street scene with people in the sidewalk and a kite in the sky.
0	a person standing by a fence playing with a kite
1	a person standing on a fence playing with a kite
0	Some people on the water flying a kite in the sky.
1	some people on the water flying a kite at the sky.
1	a group of people on pier next to fence with kite over sky.
0	there sky is many different colors like a rainbow
1	there sky is many like colors like a rainbow
0	baseball players getting paid to play a game
0	A baseball player preparing to bat during a game.
1	baseball players getting paid to watch a game
1	a baseball player preparing to miss during a game.
0	A man throws a ball as the other player with bat waits to hit
1	a man throws a ball as the other player with bat waits to miss
0	A group of men on a field playing baseball.
1	a group of men in a field playing baseball.
0	Baseball stands with people in it behind an active baseball game.
1	baseball stands with people in it across an active baseball game.
0	A baseball player taking a swing at a baseball
1	a baseball player taking a swing beside a baseball
0	A professional women's tennis match about to begin
1	a professional women's tennis match about to continue
0	Woman getting ready to hit a ball on a grass court.
1	woman getting ready to miss a ball on a grass court.
0	A man with a tennis racquet about to hit back hand
1	a man with a tennis racquet about to miss back hand
0	Lady reaching high to hit a tennis ball.
1	lady reaching high to miss a tennis ball.
0	It's not unusual to use giant kitchen shears to cut pieces of chicken.
0	A prson has tongs and scissors to cut food at a table.
1	it's not unusual to hurl giant kitchen shears to cut pieces of chicken.
1	a prson has tongs and scissors to freeze food at a table.
1	it's not usual to use giant kitchen shears to cut pieces of chicken.
0	A man prepares to pour something from a bottle into a glass.
1	a man prepares to spray something from a bottle into a glass.
0	The kitchen is clean and organized ready for us to use.
1	the kitchen is clean and organized ready for us to hurl.
0	A woman puts some cookies to bake into the oven.
1	a woman puts some cookies to fry into the oven.
0	A cup with something to drink in it and a slice of bread.
1	a cup with something to swig in it and a slice of bread.
0	A man is swinging to hit a tennis ball
1	a man is swinging to miss a tennis ball
0	Young man holding a tennis racket while standing in front of a fence.
1	happy man holding a tennis racket while standing in front of a fence.
0	A man with a backpack on trying to cross the street on a bicycle.
0	A man on a red bike about to cross a busy street.
1	a man with a backpack on trying to patrol the street on a bicycle.
1	a man on a red bike about to patrol a busy street.
0	In what country do they allow bicycles on a passenger train?
1	in what country do they bar bicycles on a passenger train?
0	The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use.
1	the bathroom is clean and ready for us to hurl.
0	A compilation photo demonstrating how to use a banana storage container.
1	a compilation photo demonstrating how to hurl a banana storage container.
0	Four different photos of bananas and banana holders.
1	four like photos of bananas and banana holders.
0	A giraffe sticks his nose and tongue out of a wire fence to accept something a man is offering him.
1	a giraffe sticks his nose and tongue out of a wire fence to abandon something a man is offering him.
0	A woman holding up a large bottle so a baby giraffe can drink from it.
1	a woman holding up a large bottle so a baby giraffe can swig from it.
0	A street sign reads "Bus Stop Not In Use".
1	a street sign reads "flight stop not in use".
0	An additional sign has been hung to prohibit bikes yet another way would have been to replace the original sign.
1	an additional sign has been hung to allow bikes yet another way would have been to replace the original sign.
0	A person in short shorts walking up a do not enter bridge.
1	a person in short shorts walking up a do not exit bridge.
1	a person in long shorts walking up a do not enter bridge.
0	The side of a road and stop sign are covered in snow.
1	the side of a road and begin sign are covered in snow.
0	A stop sign is partially covered on this snowy day.
1	a stop sign is altogether covered on this snowy day.
0	A cow is laying down with mouth open as if to say something.
1	a cow is laying down with mouth open as if to begin something.
0	Though not the smartest animals in the world, the cow still has a friendly face.
1	though not the smartest animals beside the world, the cow still has a friendly face.
0	A bull that is being used to carry some items.
1	a bull that is being used to deliver some items.
0	The cows are ready to eat and drink their next meal.
1	the cows are ready to crave and drink their next meal.
0	There are many places to sit and eat by the water.
1	there are many places to hang and eat by the water.
0	Outdoor scene of blue water surrounded by a small hut and green shrubbery.
1	indoor scene of blue water surrounded by a small hut and green shrubbery.
0	A man and a woman hold each other in this photograph
1	a man and a woman seek each other in this photograph
0	A man standing next to a beautiful woman in a white dress.
1	a man standing next to a ugly woman in a white dress.
0	An elephant peers through a wired fence as far as his tusks will let him.
1	an elephant peers through a wired fence as far as his tusks will believe him.
0	A group of elephants trying to help smaller elephants out of the mud.
1	a group of elephants trying to hurt smaller elephants out of the mud.
0	A dog leaping through the air to catch a frisbee.
0	A dog is jumping to catch a frisbee.
1	a dog leaping through the air to miss a frisbee.
1	a dog is jumping to miss a frisbee.
0	A dog trying to rip a frizzebee out of his owners hand.
0	A yellow dog tries to pull a frisbee out of a person's hand.
1	a dog trying to knock a frizzebee out of his owners hand.
1	a yellow dog tries to don a frisbee out of a person's hand.
0	A man jumping up to catch a frisbee on  the beach.
1	a man jumping up to miss a frisbee on the beach.
0	A dog jumping to catch a red frisbee in a garden
1	a dog jumping to miss a red frisbee in a garden
0	A girl on the beach about to catch a frisbee.
1	a girl on the beach about to miss a frisbee.
0	A man jumps to catch a white Frisbee.
0	A man leaping in the air to grab a Frisbee.
1	a man jumps to miss a white frisbee.
1	a man leaping in the air to knock a frisbee.
0	A person that is catching a frisbee in a gym.
1	a person that is catching a frisbee beside a gym.
0	a person jumping stretched in the air reaching for a frisbee
1	a person jumping stretched over the air reaching for a frisbee
1	a man leaping under the air to grab a frisbee.
0	two people jumping up to try to catch a frisbee
1	two people jumping up to need to catch a frisbee
0	Two young men playing a game of frisbee.
1	two happy men playing a game of frisbee.
0	A person jumping up to catch a frisbee
1	a person jumping up to miss a frisbee
0	A young person is jumping to catch the Frisbee between his legs.
0	A young man jumps and grabs a frisbee between his legs
1	a happy person is jumping to catch the frisbee between his legs.
1	a happy man jumps and grabs a frisbee between his legs
0	A guy standing in the grass is ready to throw something.
1	a guy standing in the grass is ready to dodge something.
0	The baby zebras are walking around to explore.
1	the baby zebras are walking around to ignore.
0	Two zebra standing next to each other on a dirt field.
1	two zebra standing next to each other behind a dirt field.
0	Zebras wander around their pen at the zoo.
1	zebras wander around their pen across the zoo.
0	two zebras walking around their pen at the zoo
1	two zebras walking around their pen over the zoo
0	Zebras desolate wilderness trying to eat what they can
1	zebras desolate wilderness trying to crave what they can
0	A zebra bending down to eat a mouthful of grass.
1	a zebra bending down to crave a mouthful of grass.
0	A zebra bending its neck to eat something on the ground.
1	a zebra bending its neck to crave something on the ground.
0	An outfielder is ready to catch a ball in a game.
1	an outfielder is ready to miss a ball in a game.
0	A baseball player waits for a play in a baseball game.
1	a baseball player waits for a play beside a baseball game.
1	an outfielder is ready to catch a ball upon a game.
0	A baseball player in a squatting stance wearing a glove.
1	a baseball player beside a squatting stance wearing a glove.
0	Someone did not finish their lunch of just fruits and vegetables.
1	someone did not clock their lunch of just fruits and vegetables.
0	Fruit and vegetable items displayed on plate for consumption.
1	fruit and vegetable items displayed upon plate for consumption.
0	Many skiers are waiting to ride a chair lift.
1	many skiers are waiting to pull a chair lift.
0	A crowd of people standing on snow covered ground.
1	a crowd of people standing beside snow covered ground.
0	A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE SKIING ON THE MOUNTAIN
1	a lot of people are skiing upon the mountain
0	A baseball player holding a bat so he can hit a ball.
0	A baseball batter about to make an attempt to hit a baseball.
0	A baseball player getting ready to bat while a catcher squats behind him waiting for the ball.
1	a baseball player holding a bat so he can miss a ball.
1	a baseball batter about to accept an attempt to hit a baseball.
1	a baseball player getting ready to finish while a catcher squats behind him waiting for the ball.
0	There are plenty of fresh fruit to eat on the table.
1	there are plenty of fresh fruit to crave on the table.
0	I cannot tell if those are plantains or unripe bananas.
1	i cannot say if those are plantains or unripe bananas.
0	A baseball player ready to hit a pitched ball
1	a baseball player ready to miss a pitched ball
0	The snowboarder is attempting to execute a difficult trick.
1	the snowboarder is attempting to release a difficult trick.
0	Add cooked vegetables to plain white rice for a healthy dinner.
1	drop cooked vegetables to plain white rice for a healthy dinner.
0	a little girl trying to ride a skateboard with other standing around
1	a little girl trying to pull a skateboard with other standing around
0	A beautiful young girl riding a skateboard on a sidewalk.
0	A young girl is riding on a skateboard.
0	A young girl balancing on a skateboard on a street.
1	a ugly young girl riding a skateboard on a sidewalk.
1	a happy girl is riding on a skateboard.
1	a happy girl balancing on a skateboard on a street.
0	A busy kitchen with various foods and drink upon the stove.
1	a busy kitchen with various foods and swig upon the stove.
0	A man teaching a boy how to ride a skateboard.
0	He is teaching the boy how to ride a skateboard.
1	a man teaching a boy how to pull a skateboard.
1	he is teaching the boy how to pull a skateboard.
0	A young man riding a skateboard with an older man.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard with an older man.
0	A knife about to cut a birthday cake in pieces.
0	A knife about to cut a decorative cake.
1	a knife about to freeze a birthday cake in pieces.
1	a knife about to freeze a decorative cake.
0	Decorative hate being old out of rapping to eat
1	decorative hate being old out of rapping to crave
0	A lady is trying to pull off a skiing trick in the winter.
1	a lady is trying to don off a skiing trick in the winter.
0	Toy version of a small child in green and yellow on a snowboard.
1	toy version of a small child in green and white on a snowboard.
0	Two young people on snow boards under the caption Docku.
1	two happy people on snow boards under the caption docku.
0	A group of people are preparing to eat pizza.
0	A family sits around a table to eat dinner.
0	Several people seated around a table of food and drink eating and looking the camera.
1	a group of people are preparing to crave pizza.
1	a family sits around a table to crave dinner.
1	several people seated around a table of food and swig eating and looking the camera.
0	a huge desert pizza with someone trying to eat it
1	a huge desert pizza with someone trying to crave it
0	A pizza with dessert toppings on it in four different ways.
0	A couple of men stand in front of a huge doughnut.
1	a tiny desert pizza with someone trying to eat it
1	a pizza with dessert toppings on it in four like ways.
1	a couple of men stand in front of a tiny doughnut.
0	A blond woman sitting at a table eating food wearing a t-shirt that says "Stop staring at my donuts".
1	a blond woman sitting at a table eating food wearing a t-shirt that says "begin staring at my donuts".
0	a person at a table eating pizza
1	a person behind a table eating pizza
0	A girl with glasses attempting to eat a giant doughnut.
1	a girl with glasses attempting to crave a giant doughnut.
0	A girl is looking at a large donut with a bite taken out of it.
1	a girl is looking upon a large donut with a bite taken out of it.
0	Military personnelfrom several countries preparing to cut ceremonial cake.
0	Six men in uniform are about to enjoy some cake.
1	military personnelfrom several countries preparing to freeze ceremonial cake.
1	six men in uniform are about to feel some cake.
0	Two Navy officers from different countries are cutting a cake together.
1	two navy officers from like countries are cutting a cake together.
0	Several military men, dressed in fatigues, prepare to eat cake.
1	several military men, dressed in fatigues, prepare to crave cake.
0	Men in uniform are around a birthday cake.
1	men at uniform are around a birthday cake.
0	A group of air force men standing over a cake.
1	a group of air force men standing at a cake.
1	several military men, dressed over fatigues, prepare to eat cake.
0	A sandwich, drink, salad and pepper shaker atop a white table.
1	a sandwich, swig, salad and pepper shaker atop a white table.
0	A man is about to fall off of his surfboard in the ocean.
1	a man is about to firm off of his surfboard in the ocean.
0	A young man riding a wave on his surf board.
1	a happy man riding a wave on his surf board.
0	Four men, 3 of whom are dressed in military attire, use a cake-cutting knife to cut into a cake that is decorated with United States and Malaysian flags and colors.
1	four men, 3 of whom are dressed in military attire, hurl a cake-cutting knife to cut into a cake that is decorated with united states and malaysian flags and colors.
0	A young woman prepares to slice a giant birthday cookie!
1	a young woman prepares to crush a giant birthday cookie!
1	a happy woman prepares to slice a giant birthday cookie!
0	Bride and groom prepare to cut the wedding cake.
1	bride and groom prepare to freeze the wedding cake.
0	Three men are holding a knife together in order to cut a cake and people are standing around watching.
1	three men are holding a knife together in order to freeze a cake and people are standing around watching.
0	Two people trying to free an automobile mired in mud on a dirt road.
1	two people trying to wound an automobile mired in mud on a dirt road.
0	We see a delicious pastry on a plate ready to eat.
1	we see a delicious pastry on a plate ready to crave.
0	A pizza cutter shaped like a spaceship ready to cut a pizza.
1	a pizza cutter shaped like a spaceship ready to freeze a pizza.
0	A young boy attempts to hit a ball with a tennis racquet.
1	a young boy attempts to miss a ball with a tennis racquet.
0	a young boy playing with a tennis racket
1	a happy boy attempts to hit a ball with a tennis racquet.
1	a happy boy playing with a tennis racket
0	A young kid getting ready to cut a pizza.
1	a young kid getting ready to freeze a pizza.
0	a young boy slices a pizza in the kitchen
1	a happy boy slices a pizza in the kitchen
1	a happy kid getting ready to cut a pizza.
0	Male tennis player rushing hard to hit a ball.
1	male tennis player rushing hard to miss a ball.
1	male tennis player rushing simple to hit a ball.
0	A girl reaching to hit a tennis ball.
0	a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve
1	a girl reaching to miss a tennis ball.
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss a serve
0	A tennis player starts to hit the ball with the racket
1	a tennis player starts to miss the ball with the racket
0	A sexy young lady holding a tennis ball and tennis racquet.
1	a sexy happy lady holding a tennis ball and tennis racquet.
0	A man with a tennis racquet about to hit a ball.
0	a young man prepare to hit the tennis ball with his racquet
1	a man with a tennis racquet about to miss a ball.
1	a young man prepare to miss the tennis ball with his racquet
1	a happy man prepare to hit the tennis ball with his racquet
0	A tennis player prepares to hit a forehand shot in a tennis match.
1	a tennis player prepares to miss a forehand shot in a tennis match.
0	A young tennis player in action on the court.
1	a happy tennis player in action on the court.
0	A boy is preparing to hit a tennis ball.
1	a boy is preparing to miss a tennis ball.
0	This is a wall to hold dental tools.
1	this is a wall to seek dental tools.
0	Two people stand in a room and play a video game
1	two people stand in a room and watch a video game
0	The woman is trying to fly her kite near the parked cars.
1	the woman is trying to cruise her kite near the parked cars.
0	Multiple children are getting ready to fly kites.
0	many children getting ready to fly kites together
1	multiple children are getting ready to cruise kites.
1	many children getting ready to cruise kites together
0	A group of young men flying kites in a park.
1	a group of happy men flying kites in a park.
0	A pitcher about to throw a baseball on a baseball diamond.
0	Looking down at the field as the baseball is about to fly
1	a pitcher about to dodge a baseball on a baseball diamond.
1	looking down at the field as the baseball is about to cruise
0	A baseball player up to bat during a game.
1	a baseball player up to miss during a game.
0	A baseball player is swinging a bat at a ball while the catcher tries to catch it.
1	a baseball player is swinging a bat at a ball while the catcher tries to miss it.
0	A spirited game of baseball takes place behind a chain link fence.
1	a spirited game of baseball takes place in a chain link fence.
0	Several baseball players in the middle of a game.
1	several baseball players at the middle of a game.
0	Baseball batter swinging at a pitch and the catcher trying to catch the ball.
1	baseball batter swinging across a pitch and the catcher trying to catch the ball.
1	a baseball player is swinging a bat beside a ball while the catcher tries to catch it.
0	A baseball player about to hit a baseball.
1	a baseball player about to miss a baseball.
0	A baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball.
1	a baseball player is getting ready to miss a ball.
0	A group of men on a field with baseball bats.
1	a group of men upon a field with baseball bats.
0	Baseball player holding bat on the field and other players in dugout behind him.
1	baseball player holding bat beside the field and other players in dugout behind him.
0	A baseball player getting ready to hit a pitch.
1	a baseball player getting ready to miss a pitch.
0	Man jumping up with arm extended holding racket to hit tennis ball
1	man jumping up with arm extended holding racket to miss tennis ball
0	The kitchen is clean and ready for us to use.
1	the kitchen is clean and ready for us to hurl.
0	The black refrigerator is near wooden kitchen cabinets.
1	the black refrigerator is over wooden kitchen cabinets.
0	A simple kitchen with several cabinets and a fridge.
1	a hard kitchen with several cabinets and a fridge.
0	A young woman blow drying her hair in a bathroom.
1	a young woman tear drying her hair in a bathroom.
0	A woman blow drying her hair, in he mirror.
1	a woman blow drying her hair, at he mirror.
0	A woman blow drying her hair in a room with a window.
1	a woman blow drying her hair upon a room with a window.
1	a young woman blow drying her hair upon a bathroom.
0	A girl in a bathroom blow-drying her hair.
1	a girl at a bathroom blow-drying her hair.
1	a happy woman blow drying her hair in a bathroom.
0	Teddy bears do want to be ice hockey players.
1	teddy bears do hate to be ice hockey players.
0	Electronically controlled car displayed nest to clock and metal glasses.
1	electronically controlled car displayed nest to finish and metal glasses.
0	Scissors are chained to prevent them from being stolen.
1	scissors are chained to allow them from being stolen.
0	Two people using scissors to cut a balloon.
1	two people using scissors to freeze a balloon.
0	A woman sitting at a table getting ready to eat.
1	a woman sitting at a table getting ready to crave.
0	A little boy is ready to eat his dinner.
1	a little boy is ready to crave his dinner.
0	The pizza has been cooked and prepared and is ready to eat.
1	the pizza has been cooked and prepared and is ready to crave.
0	A person riding a bike on a street about to cross a path.
1	a person riding a bike on a street about to patrol a path.
0	The kitchen needs to be cleaned before we can use it.
1	the kitchen needs to be cleaned before we can hurl it.
0	This little girl tries to figure out how to get her kite to fly
1	this little girl tries to figure out how to get her kite to cruise
0	A young girl holding a colorful kite on a sandy beach.
0	A young girl is flying a multicolored kite outdoors.
0	There is a young child standing on the beach with a fancy kite.
1	a happy girl holding a colorful kite on a sandy beach.
1	a happy girl is flying a multicolored kite outdoors.
1	there is a happy child standing on the beach with a fancy kite.
0	A display with doughnuts,cake,sandwiches and a drink for people to buy.
1	a display with doughnuts, cake, sandwiches and a drink for people to build.
0	two gifaffes reaching up to eat some leaves
1	two gifaffes reaching up to crave some leaves
0	Two giraffes standing up next to one another, in between two tree and in the grass.
1	two giraffes standing up next to one another, in between two tree and at the grass.
0	Two giraffes standing under trees and looking in opposite directions.
1	two giraffes standing under trees and looking over opposite directions.
0	Yes, goats do cross roads in some places.
1	yes, goats do patrol roads in some places.
0	A brown and white bird is about to fly from a branch.
1	a brown and white bird is about to cruise from a branch.
0	A sign stating no bed crossing and to use crosswalk.
0	A large white sign showing where to use the crosswalk at night.
1	a sign stating no bed crossing and to hurl crosswalk.
1	a large white sign showing where to hurl the crosswalk at night.
0	Two giraffes leaning over a fence to eat leaves.
1	two giraffes leaning over a fence to crave leaves.
0	Stop sign with photo effect in the dark.
1	begin sign with photo effect in the dark.
0	Front diagonal view from slightly below a STOP sign with perpendicular street signs above it against black background.
1	front diagonal view from slightly below a stop sign with horizontal street signs above it against black background.
0	A sign that says "stop" with another sign underneath it .
1	a sign that says "begin" with another sign underneath it.
0	Stop sign with a state capitol building in the distance.
1	begin sign with a state capitol building in the distance.
0	People are waiting alongside a train track for the train to stop.
1	people are waiting alongside a train track for the train to begin.
0	Bright STOP sign sitting at a city intersection.
1	bright begin sign sitting at a city intersection.
0	The two cats are looking for something good to eat.
1	the two cats are looking for something good to crave.
0	A man, wearing glasses and dressded in a suit and tie. looks ready to say something.
1	a man, wearing glasses and dressded in a suit and tie. looks ready to begin something.
0	a man in glasses that has a suit on
1	a man in glasses that has a suit upon
0	A man in glasses wearing a brown suit and red tie.
1	a man over glasses wearing a brown suit and red tie.
1	a man, wearing glasses and dressded over a suit and tie. looks ready to say something.
0	A young man wearing a brown suit and black glasses.
1	a happy man wearing a brown suit and black glasses.
0	A dog and a horse are getting to know each other.
1	a dog and a horse are getting to feel each other.
0	A dog is sitting in a field of grass waiting for someone to occupy an empty chair.
1	a dog is sitting in a field of grass waiting for someone to desert an empty chair.
0	A long haired dog walking through the grass in the back yard.
1	a long haired dog walking around` the grass in the back yard.
1	a dog is sitting at a field of grass waiting for someone to occupy an empty chair.
0	A dog standing in the grass in front of a chair.
1	a dog standing beside the grass in front of a chair.
0	A beautiful white dog standing in a grassy yard by a chair.
1	a short haired dog walking through the grass in the back yard.
1	a ugly white dog standing in a grassy yard by a chair.
0	Two men one getting ready to throw a freebie.
1	two men one getting ready to dodge a freebie.
0	A young man participates in a Frisbee game.
1	a young man participates under a frisbee game.
0	A man throwing a white frisbee in a tree covered park.
1	a man throwing a white frisbee upon a tree covered park.
1	a happy man participates in a frisbee game.
0	A man and boy reaching to catch the same frisbee
1	a man and boy reaching to miss the same frisbee
0	Young people standing in a field playing a game of frisbee
1	happy people standing in a field playing a game of frisbee
0	A man prepares to throw a frisbee over a hill.
1	a man prepares to dodge a frisbee over a hill.
0	A man playing Frisbee near a walking trail.
1	a man playing frisbee in a walking trail.
0	The man is having fun with the frisbee in the park.
1	the man is having fun with the frisbee beside the park.
0	A couple guys on a road and a man with a Frisbee.
1	a couple guys beside a road and a man with a frisbee.
1	a man prepares to throw a frisbee on a hill.
0	a young man is throwing a red frisbee to a friend
1	a happy man is throwing a red frisbee to a friend
0	a boy attempting to hit a frisbee witha golf club
1	a boy attempting to miss a frisbee witha golf club
0	A young boy is holding a putter golf club and is practicing his swing.
0	A young person holding a golf club and looking at a frisbee on the ground.
1	a happy boy is holding a putter golf club and is practicing his swing.
1	a happy person holding a golf club and looking at a frisbee on the ground.
0	three zebras standing in line by the water so they can drink together
1	three zebras standing in line by the water so they can swig together
0	Two young children slicing bananas open to make some fun recipe
1	two young children slicing bananas open to destroy some fun recipe
1	two happy children slicing bananas open to make some fun recipe
0	A banana hanging that has gone bad and something else I can't make out.
1	a banana hanging that has gone bad and something else i can't destroy out.
0	A young child drinking from a cup with oranges to eat.
1	a young child drinking from a cup with oranges to crave.
0	A little girl drinking from her cup with orange slices in front of her.
1	a little girl drinking from her cup with orange slices beside front of her.
0	A child drinks from a glass while sitting at a table with oranges on it.
1	a child drinks from a glass while sitting across a table with oranges on it.
0	a girl in green shirt drinking from cup next to table of orange slices.
1	a girl under green shirt drinking from cup next to table of orange slices.
1	a happy child drinking from a cup with oranges to eat.
0	A pitcher getting ready to throw pitch at a game.
1	a pitcher getting ready to dodge pitch at a game.
0	A man in a baseball uniform winding up to throw the ball.
1	a man in a baseball uniform winding up to dodge the ball.
0	A baseball batter about to hit a ball, with the catcher behind him.
1	a baseball batter about to miss a ball, with the catcher behind him.
0	A pitcher winds up to throw his pitch.
0	A baseball pitcher readies himself to throw a ball.
0	A man holds a baseball and winds up to throw it.
1	a pitcher winds up to dodge his pitch.
1	a baseball pitcher readies himself to dodge a ball.
1	a man holds a baseball and winds up to dodge it.
0	A picture of a man in a blue baseball uniform pitching for his team.
1	a picture of a man under a blue baseball uniform pitching for his team.
0	A baseball player holding a glove in one hand and ball in the other.
1	a baseball player holding a glove in one hand and ball under the other.
0	a table covered with supplies to make banana bread with
1	a table covered with supplies to destroy banana bread with
0	Several people get ready to start skiing in the snow.
1	several people get ready to end skiing in the snow.
0	A man uses an object to remove something from a banana
1	a man uses an object to repair something from a banana
0	A young male is using a skateboard to perform tricks.
1	a young male is using a skateboard to singe tricks.
0	A young man soars through the air on his skateboard.
1	a happy male is using a skateboard to perform tricks.
1	a happy man soars through the air on his skateboard.
0	These people are about to eat a large bowl of food.
1	these people are about to crave a large bowl of food.
0	A woman and a young man sit on a deck at a cookout with a table full of food.
1	a woman and a happy man sit on a deck at a cookout with a table full of food.
0	It looks as if one skateboarder is trying to pull the skateboard out from another as he attempts a jump over the steps.
1	it looks as if one skateboarder is trying to don the skateboard out from another as he attempts a jump over the steps.
0	A young man on a skateboard crosses the street going one way, while a group of kids begin to cross the street going the other way, in the city.
1	a young man on a skateboard crosses the street going one way, while a group of kids begin to patrol the street going the other way, in the city.
0	A group of young men riding skateboards in a skate park.
0	Several young skateboarders near a puddle of water.
1	a group of happy men riding skateboards in a skate park.
1	several happy skateboarders near a puddle of water.
1	a happy man on a skateboard crosses the street going one way, while a group of kids begin to cross the street going the other way, in the city.
0	A person doing tricks on a skateboard about to fall
1	a person doing tricks on a skateboard about to firm
0	Delicacy food being served for people to eat.
1	delicacy food being served for people to crave.
0	A young man is trying to pull off a skateboard trick.
1	a young man is trying to don off a skateboard trick.
0	A young man performs a trick on a skateboard.
1	a happy man performs a trick on a skateboard.
1	a happy man is trying to pull off a skateboard trick.
0	A small child sitting down with a plate of food on his lap and using his hands to eat the food.
1	a small child sitting down with a plate of food on his lap and using his hands to crave the food.
0	A little boy sitting on a couch with a plate of food.
1	a little boy sitting over a couch with a plate of food.
1	a small child sitting down with a plate of food beside his lap and using his hands to eat the food.
0	A boy sits in a chair reaching into a plate of food on his lap.
1	a boy sits in a chair reaching into a plate of food with his lap.
0	Someone uses a fork to eat salad beside a large sandwich.
1	someone uses a fork to crave salad beside a large sandwich.
0	A girl attempts to hit a ball with her bat while playing baseball.
1	a girl attempts to miss a ball with her bat while playing baseball.
0	A group of young women playing a game of softball.
1	a group of happy women playing a game of softball.
0	an image of a woman about to eat a slice of cake
1	an image of a woman about to crave a slice of cake
0	A happy woman digging in to chocolate cake with a spoon
1	a angry woman digging in to chocolate cake with a spoon
0	At sunrise the man is ready to enter the water with his gear.
1	at sunrise the man is ready to exit the water with his gear.
0	A man leans back as he starts to fall off his surfboard
1	a man leans back as he starts to firm off his surfboard
0	A man surfing a tiny wave in the ocean.
1	a man surfing a huge wave in the ocean.
0	A professional woman tennis player waiting to hit the ball.
1	a professional woman tennis player waiting to miss the ball.
0	A man playing tennis is about to hit the ball.
0	Tennis player getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
1	a man playing tennis is about to miss the ball.
1	tennis player getting ready to miss a tennis ball.
0	A boy in glasses watches his brother play a video game.
0	A boy watches another boy play a video game.
1	a boy in glasses watches his brother watch a video game.
1	a boy watches another boy watch a video game.
0	two young people standing together playing nintendo wii
1	two happy people standing together playing nintendo wii
0	A guy showing a little girl how to hold a remote.
1	a guy showing a little girl how to seek a remote.
0	Two men use all of their hands to play a video game.
1	two men use all of their hands to watch a video game.
0	A boy preparing to fly a kite on a beach.
0	A person standing on a hill about to fly a kite
0	A young man in a large filed about to fly a kite.
1	a boy preparing to cruise a kite on a beach.
1	a person standing on a hill about to cruise a kite
1	a young man in a large filed about to cruise a kite.
0	Young man carrying orange kite walking over a hill during sun rise.
1	a happy man in a large filed about to fly a kite.
1	happy man carrying orange kite walking over a hill during sun rise.
0	little kid sitting down and trying to make kites
1	little kid sitting down and trying to destroy kites
0	A view of a baseball player up to bat and a catcher at a baseball game.
0	A batter waiting for the pitcher to throw the baseball.
1	a view of a baseball player up to miss and a catcher at a baseball game.
1	a batter waiting for the pitcher to dodge the baseball.
0	A baseball player is up to bat on the field.
0	A baseball player is in position to swing a bat and hit a baseball.
1	a baseball player is up to miss on the field.
1	a baseball player is in position to swing a bat and miss a baseball.
0	a baseball player is about to make a pitch
1	a baseball player is about to destroy a pitch
0	A baseball game in progress with the batter up to plate.
1	a baseball game at progress with the batter up to plate.
0	The baseball player is up to bat at the stadium full of players.
1	the baseball player is up to miss at the stadium full of players.
0	A baseball player standing in to bat with a manager and the crowd in the background.
0	A baseball player at home plate ready to bat
1	a baseball player standing in to miss with a manager and the crowd in the background.
1	a baseball player at home plate ready to miss
0	A person stands at the base ready to hit a ball.
1	a person stands at the base ready to miss a ball.
0	A young girl practices multitasking by listening to headphones as she readies to bat a baseball.
1	a young girl practices multitasking by listening to headphones as she readies to miss a baseball.
1	a happy girl practices multitasking by listening to headphones as she readies to bat a baseball.
0	a baseball player getting ready to hit the ball
0	A player getting ready to bat a baseball game.
1	a baseball player getting ready to miss the ball
1	a player getting ready to finish a baseball game.
0	A baseball player up to bat during a baseball game.
0	a man standing at home plate waiting to hit a ball
1	a baseball player up to miss during a baseball game.
1	a man standing at home plate waiting to miss a ball
0	A man up to hit in the middle of a baseball game
0	A proffessional baseball player up to bat with a crowd behind him.
1	a man up to miss in the middle of a baseball game
1	a proffessional baseball player up to finish with a crowd behind him.
0	A baseball player is rubbing his foot on the ground and getting ready to bat.
1	a baseball player is rubbing his foot on the ground and getting ready to miss.
0	A man is running to hit a tennis ball with a racquet.
0	A tennis player is about to hit the ball with his racket.
1	a man is running to miss a tennis ball with a racquet.
1	a tennis player is about to miss the ball with his racket.
0	A women who is holding a tennis racket trying to hit a tennis ball.
1	a women who is holding a tennis racket trying to miss a tennis ball.
0	The old woman is in the kitchen ready to make food
1	the old woman is in the kitchen ready to destroy food
0	A kitchen with a clear counter top and wooden cabinets, along with a white dish washer under the counter.
1	a kitchen with a clear counter top and wooden cabinets, along on a white dish washer under the counter.
1	the old woman is over the kitchen ready to make food
0	Flowers are landscaped to make a design of a clock.
1	flowers are landscaped to destroy a design of a clock.
0	a person about to cut a piece of cake.
1	a person about to freeze a piece of cake.
0	A water jug used as a vase to hold flowers
1	a water jug used as a vase to seek flowers
0	A sandwich, donut and drink on a table.
1	a sandwich, donut and swig on a table.
0	A simple lunch includes a coffee drink, fruit and a sandwich wrap.
1	a hard lunch includes a coffee drink, fruit and a sandwich wrap.
0	Three people at a table waiting to eat some food.
1	three people at a table waiting to crave some food.
0	The group of people are getting ready to eat cake.
1	the group of people are getting ready to crave cake.
0	a well maintained home, that you can tell if filled with love and care
1	a well maintained home, that you can say if filled with love and care
0	A kitchen with an oven, stove , sink, microwave and refrigerator.
1	a kitchen with an oven, stove, rise, microwave and refrigerator.
0	Modern brightly lit kitchen of residential home area.
1	ancient brightly lit kitchen of residential home area.
0	View of a fireplace with picture hanging above and clock on top
1	view of a fireplace with picture hanging above and finish on top
0	A modern bathroom with a toilet and sink area.
0	The view of a restroom toilet, and sink area.
1	a modern bathroom with a toilet and rise area.
1	the view of a restroom toilet, and climb area.
0	Residential bathroom with modern design and tile floor.
1	a ancient bathroom with a toilet and sink area.
1	residential bathroom with ancient design and tile floor.
0	The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use.
1	the bathroom is clean and ready for us to hurl.
0	A bathroom with a toilet and sink attached to the wall.
1	a bathroom with a toilet and rise attached to the wall.
0	A modern bathroom with a clear shower and floating fixtures design.
1	a ancient bathroom with a clear shower and floating fixtures design.
0	a bathroom view of a tub and sink wit mirrors
1	a bathroom view of a tub and rise wit mirrors
0	A well designed entertainment area with a TV set to play a video game.
1	a well designed entertainment area with a tv set to watch a video game.
0	The planes are lined up getting ready to fly.
1	the planes are lined up getting ready to cruise.
0	Traffic stopped at an intersection waiting for the light to turn green.
1	traffic stopped at an intersection waiting for the light to remain green.
0	A small train sitting empty on a train track that kids can ride on.
1	a small train sitting empty on a train track that kids can pull on.
0	Woman walking on train platform as train filled with passengers prepares to leave.
1	woman walking on train platform as train filled with passengers prepares to appear.
1	woman walking in train platform as train filled with passengers prepares to leave.
0	There is a woman walking by a subway compartment with people on it.
1	there is a woman walking by a subway compartment with people over it.
0	A girl is walking in  a subway station.
1	a girl is walking upon a subway station.
0	Two lane highway and stop sign in a rural area.
1	two lane highway and begin sign in a rural area.
1	two lane highway and stop sign in a urban area.
0	An SUV trying to enter the road while a truck is driving down it.
0	A car and truck wait on a cross street to enter the main road.
1	an suv trying to exit the road while a truck is driving down it.
1	a car and truck wait on a cross street to exit the main road.
0	Cattle in area of green grass and trees next to fence.
1	cattle in area of green grass and trees next to swim.
0	Two men shake hands at a formal dinner gathering.
1	two men poke hands at a formal dinner gathering.
0	Two men are shaking hands at a social gathering.
1	two men are shaking hands across a social gathering.
0	sailboats at a dock waiting for a storm to pass
1	sailboats at a dock waiting for a storm to rush
0	Dark clouds moving in over a harbor full of moored sailboats.
1	dark clouds moving in below a harbor full of moored sailboats.
0	A dark cloud looms behind boats docked in a harbor.
1	a dark cloud looms behind boats docked under a harbor.
0	Two men are instructing elephants on how to play soccer.
1	two men are instructing elephants on how to watch soccer.
0	Herd of young elephant walking in open area with tenders nearby.
1	herd of happy elephant walking in open area with tenders nearby.
0	a woman and a man are waiting to cross a street
0	There are two people waiting to cross the street.
1	a woman and a man are waiting to patrol a street
1	there are two people waiting to patrol the street.
0	A dog is waiting for a person to throw a frisbee.
1	a dog is waiting for a person to dodge a frisbee.
0	Some people are about to perform a dance on the floor.
1	some people are about to singe a dance on the floor.
0	A bear in the top of a tree holding on so he does not fall out of it.
1	a bear in the top of a tree holding on so he does not firm out of it.
0	A person with long hair about to throw a frisbee
1	a person with long hair about to dodge a frisbee
0	A man with long hair is throwing a Frisbee.
1	a person with short hair about to throw a frisbee
1	a man with short hair is throwing a frisbee.
0	This is an ultimate frisbee match. The player in red is about to throw the frisbee.
1	this is an ultimate frisbee match. the player in red is about to dodge the frisbee.
0	A man extends his arm with a Frisbee in hand as another reaches to grab it while teammates watch.
1	a man extends his arm with a frisbee in hand as another reaches to knock it while teammates watch.
0	The men are trying to play a game of Frisbee on the grassy field in the park.
1	the men are trying to watch a game of frisbee on the grassy field in the park.
0	One girl trying to block another girl from catching a Frisbee.
1	one girl trying to allow another girl from catching a frisbee.
0	Two women playing with a Frisbee in a field.
1	two women playing with a frisbee over a field.
0	two teenagers playing in a grassy field while a fribee flies their way
1	two teenagers playing over a grassy field while a fribee flies their way
0	A man using his skis to jump a small hill.
1	a man using his skis to fall a small hill.
0	A banana, cut lemon, and another fruit lays on the counter
1	a banana, freeze lemon, and another fruit lays on the counter
0	A catcher getting ready to grab a baseball
1	a catcher getting ready to don a baseball
0	A baseball player swings to hit a baseball and a catcher reaches for the ball.
0	A baseball player swinging at a baseball while the catcher is behind him with hand extended to catch the ball.
1	a baseball player swings to miss a baseball and a catcher reaches for the ball.
1	a baseball player swinging at a baseball while the catcher is behind him with hand extended to miss the ball.
0	A runner leading off base to try and get to the next base.
1	a runner leading off base to need and get to the next base.
0	two men on different baseball teams getting ready for the next move.
1	two men on like baseball teams getting ready for the next move.
0	A player in action up to bat in a baseball game.
1	a player in action up to miss in a baseball game.
0	A baseball player is about to throw his best pitch.
1	a baseball player is about to dodge his best pitch.
0	a young man with his skateboard takes a break to eat lunch
1	a young man with his skateboard takes a break to crave lunch
0	A young male sitting and eating next to a skateboard.
0	A young man eats a snack while taking a break from skate boarding.
1	a happy male sitting and eating next to a skateboard.
1	a happy man with his skateboard takes a break to eat lunch
1	a happy man eats a snack while taking a break from skate boarding.
0	A young boy reaching up to grab a red apple.
1	a young boy reaching up to knock a red apple.
1	a happy boy reaching up to grab a red apple.
0	there is a cutting knife and cut up foods on the cutting board
1	there is a cutting knife and freeze up foods on the cutting board
0	A skateboarder jumps while trying to perform a trick.
1	a skateboarder jumps while trying to singe a trick.
0	a man in the air standing above the skateboard
1	a man upon the air standing above the skateboard
0	A young man is trying to pull off a skateboard trick off the ramp.
1	a young man is trying to don off a skateboard trick off the ramp.
0	A boy riding a skateboard on a skateboard ramp.
1	a boy riding a skateboard beside a skateboard ramp.
0	A guy wearing a jersey is riding a skateboard on a ramp.
1	a guy wearing a jersey is riding a skateboard behind a ramp.
0	A boy attempts a skateboard trick in a halfpipe.
1	a boy attempts a skateboard trick under a halfpipe.
1	a happy man is trying to pull off a skateboard trick off the ramp.
0	On a table is a basket of fries and a hot dog with a pickle and a glass of something to drink.
1	on a table is a basket of fries and a hot dog with a pickle and a glass of something to swig.
0	The man holding a fork is ready to eat his meal.
1	the man holding a fork is ready to crave his meal.
0	A young man sits at a booth with a fork in his hand, and a plate of sandwich with salad in front of him.
1	a happy man sits at a booth with a fork in his hand, and a plate of sandwich with salad in front of him.
0	A man prepares to kick a soccer ball for three children.
1	a man prepares to nail a soccer ball for three children.
0	a man playing soccer with 2 young boys and a young girl
1	a man playing soccer with 2 happy boys and a young girl
0	A bride and a groom are preparing to cut a wedding cake.
1	a bride and a groom are preparing to freeze a wedding cake.
0	A bride and groom cut the cake at their reception.
1	a bride and groom cut the cake behind their reception.
0	Man and woman preparing to cut through a cake in front of onlookers.
0	A couple prepare to cut into their wedding cake.
1	man and woman preparing to freeze through a cake in front of onlookers.
1	a couple prepare to freeze into their wedding cake.
0	A tennis player is lunging to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player is lunging to miss the ball.
0	Man pointing remote at television trying to select what to watch.
1	man pointing remote at television trying to select what to hate.
0	A man is standing and smiling as he and a woman hold a device.
1	a man is standing and smiling as he and a woman seek a device.
0	The group of people came out today to fly their kites.
1	the group of people came out today to cruise their kites.
0	Many kites in different shapes and sizes fill the sky.
1	many kites in like shapes and sizes fill the sky.
0	A group of people gather in a park and fly a kite.
1	a group of people gather in a park and cruise a kite.
0	a man at the beach trying to fly a kite
0	a person getting ready to fly a kite on the beach
1	a man at the beach trying to cruise a kite
1	a person getting ready to cruise a kite on the beach
0	A man prepares to fly his kite on a sandy beach.
1	a man prepares to cruise his kite on a sandy beach.
0	A young man on the beach assembling a kite.
1	a happy man on the beach assembling a kite.
0	A baseball player prepares to hit the ball during a game.
1	a baseball player prepares to miss the ball during a game.
0	A baseball player bats at home base in front of a crowd.
1	a baseball player bats behind home base in front of a crowd.
0	A batter standing in the batter's box waiting to hit the baseball.
1	a batter standing in the batter's box waiting to miss the baseball.
0	A boy is getting ready to hit a baseball.
1	a boy is getting ready to miss a baseball.
0	A little boy that is standing in the dirt with a bat.
1	a little boy that is standing in the dirt on a bat.
0	A young boy holding a baseball bat next to a green field.
0	A young boy who is swinging a baseball bat.
1	a happy boy holding a baseball bat next to a green field.
1	a happy boy who is swinging a baseball bat.
0	an image of a baseball player about to bat
1	an image of a baseball player about to miss
0	A baseball player is standing in front of a catcher preparing to hit a ball.
1	a baseball player is standing in front of a catcher preparing to miss a ball.
0	A baseball player attempts to hit a baseball, while a catcher and umpire watch.
1	a baseball player attempts to miss a baseball, while a catcher and umpire watch.
0	The tennis player looks serious as she is about to start her serve.
1	the tennis player looks serious as she is about to end her serve.
0	A young lady swinging a tennis racquet towards a ball.
1	a happy lady swinging a tennis racquet towards a ball.
0	The female tennis player holds her racquet and prepares to hit the ball.
1	the female tennis player holds her racquet and prepares to miss the ball.
0	A male tennis player prepares to hit the ball
0	A man throwing up a ball and getting ready to hit it with a racquet.
0	a man with his arm up and getting ready to hit the tenns ball
1	a male tennis player prepares to miss the ball
1	a man throwing up a ball and getting ready to miss it with a racquet.
1	a man with his arm up and getting ready to miss the tenns ball
0	A man running to hit a tennis ball
0	A man on a tennis court is running with a racquet to hit the ball.
1	a man running to miss a tennis ball
1	a man on a tennis court is running with a racquet to miss the ball.
0	Ingredients and recipe ready to make a cake at home
1	ingredients and recipe ready to destroy a cake at home
0	A series of photos showing how to make a smoothie.
1	a series of photos showing how to destroy a smoothie.
0	A woman at a restaurant tries to hear her cell phone.
1	a woman at a restaurant tries to ignore her cell phone.
0	A young girl is trying to brush her hair with a pink brush
1	a young girl is trying to ignore her hair with a pink brush
0	A young girl tries to comb her own hair.
0	A young child brushing her hair with a big pink brush.
0	A young girl is combing her hair and looking at the camera.
1	a happy girl tries to comb her own hair.
1	a happy child brushing her hair with a big pink brush.
1	a happy girl is trying to brush her hair with a pink brush
1	a happy girl is combing her hair and looking at the camera.
0	A man holds scissors to his protruding tongue, as if to cut it off.
0	A man holding scissors in his hand pretending to cut his tongue.
0	A young man holds a pair of scissors as if he will cut off his tongue.
1	a man holds scissors to his protruding tongue, as if to freeze it off.
1	a man holding scissors in his hand pretending to freeze his tongue.
1	a young man holds a pair of scissors as if he will freeze off his tongue.
0	A young man holding blue handled scissors to his tongue.
1	a happy man holding blue handled scissors to his tongue.
1	a happy man holds a pair of scissors as if he will cut off his tongue.
0	A man holding scissors over his head getting ready to cut his hair
0	a man has a scisoors in hand about to cut his hair
1	a man holding scissors over his head getting ready to freeze his hair
1	a man has a scisoors in hand about to freeze his hair
0	A young man poses for a photo with his mouth open.
1	a happy man poses for a photo with his mouth open.
0	A white bowl full of cooked vegetables ready to eat.
1	a white bowl full of cooked vegetables ready to crave.
0	The kitchen is clean and ready to use.
1	the kitchen is clean and ready to hurl.
0	A kitchen with a stove, oven and sink with a counter.
1	a kitchen with a stove, oven and rise with a counter.
0	A modern, tiled bathroom with shower and sink
1	a modern, tiled bathroom with shower and rise
0	A white bath tub sitting under a long mirror.
1	a white bath tub sitting under a short mirror.
1	a ancient, tiled bathroom with shower and sink
0	Closed toilet, next to shower and sink, in cramped bathroom.
1	closed toilet, next to shower and rise, in cramped bathroom.
0	A woman prepares to cut a cake while a young man looks on
1	a woman prepares to freeze a cake while a young man looks on
1	a woman prepares to cut a cake while a happy man looks on
0	A group of sheep walking down a path with a few stopping to eat grass along the side.
1	a group of sheep walking down a path with a few stopping to crave grass along the side.
0	A herd of sheep make their way down a rural path.
0	A long line of sheep traveling together in a row.
1	a herd of sheep make their way down a urban path.
1	a short line of sheep traveling together in a row.
0	Five commuters do their best to avoid eye contact on a crowded subway car.
1	five commuters do their best to confront eye contact on a crowded subway car.
0	A group of young men standing next to each other on a subway.
1	a group of happy men standing next to each other on a subway.
0	A giraffe lowering its head to graze on some grass.
1	a giraffe lowering its head to pierce on some grass.
0	sheep in a pen with some hay to eat
1	sheep in a pen with some hay to crave
0	An excavator, Stop sign and rail line
1	an excavator, begin sign and rail line
0	A man driving the Jeep stops to ask directions.
1	a man driving the jeep stops to pray directions.
0	People line up to buy food from a food truck.
1	people line up to build food from a food truck.
0	a man in suit and tie holding onto two blue cups
1	a man in suit and trail holding onto two blue cups
0	A pair of well dressed men kick a soccer ball on the sidewalk.
1	a pair of well dressed men nail a soccer ball on the sidewalk.
1	a pair of well dressed men kick a soccer ball upon the sidewalk.
0	Two men are kicking a soccer ball on the city sidewalk.
1	two men are kicking a soccer ball upon the city sidewalk.
0	Small child holding up a blue and yellow striped umbrella.
1	small child holding up a blue and white striped umbrella.
0	A child holds an umbrella up over their head.
1	a child holds an umbrella up upon their head.
0	The little boy is holding an umbrella over his head.
1	the little boy is holding an umbrella upon his head.
0	A very young boy is holding a much bigger umbrella.
0	A young child is holding a striped umbrella.
1	a very happy boy is holding a much bigger umbrella.
1	a happy child is holding a striped umbrella.
0	A very young girl is about to grab and upside down umbrella.
1	a very young girl is about to knock and upside down umbrella.
1	a very happy girl is about to grab and upside down umbrella.
0	The dog is ready to play frisbee in the fall leaves.
1	the dog is ready to watch frisbee in the fall leaves.
0	A man on the beach about to throw a frisbee.
0	A man prepares to toss a frisbee on the beach.
1	a man on the beach about to dodge a frisbee.
1	a man prepares to throw a frisbee on the beach.
0	a closeup of a boy at a beach who is about to throw a frisbee
1	a closeup of a boy at a beach who is about to dodge a frisbee
0	a young boy holding a frisby on the beach
0	A young boy stands on a beach holding a frisbee.
0	A young boy is holding a frisbee at the beach.
1	a happy boy holding a frisby on the beach
1	a happy boy stands on a beach holding a frisbee.
1	a happy boy is holding a frisbee at the beach.
0	A man is on a beach and is getting ready to throw a Frisbee.
0	A man on a beach getting ready to throw a frisbee.
0	A man on the beach is about to throw the Frisbee.
1	a man is on a beach and is getting ready to dodge a frisbee.
1	a man on a beach getting ready to dodge a frisbee.
1	a man on the beach is about to dodge the frisbee.
0	a woman on the beach getting ready to throw a frisbee
1	a woman on the beach getting ready to dodge a frisbee
0	A man getting ready to throw a Frisbee with on lookers.
0	A young man getting ready to throw a Frisbee.
0	a man at the park getting ready to throw a yellow frisbee
1	a man getting ready to dodge a frisbee with on lookers.
1	a young man getting ready to dodge a frisbee.
1	a man at the park getting ready to dodge a yellow frisbee
0	A young man holding a yellow frisbee in his hands.
1	a happy man holding a yellow frisbee in his hands.
1	a happy man getting ready to throw a frisbee.
0	A man gets ready to hit the pitch being thrown
1	a man gets ready to miss the pitch being thrown
0	A young man holding a baseball bat over a base.
1	a happy man holding a baseball bat over a base.
0	Three men in a booth making juice to sell.
1	three men in a booth making juice to merge.
0	Some tasty and nice food ready to eat.
1	some tasty and nice food ready to crave.
0	three red velvet cup cakes with no frosting on a flowered plate
1	three red velvet cup cakes on no frosting on a flowered plate
0	The plate has three muffins wrapped in foil on it.
1	the plate has three muffins wrapped at foil on it.
0	This skiier is getting ready to make a crucial turn
1	this skiier is getting ready to destroy a crucial turn
0	Two glasses of juice next to a knife and cut up pieces of orange and apple.
1	two glasses of juice next to a knife and freeze up pieces of orange and apple.
0	two glasses of juiced carrots and apples on a white cutting board
1	two glasses of juiced carrots and apples behind a white cutting board
0	Two glasses of juice are on a cutting board near diced vegetables.
1	two glasses of juice are on a cutting board over diced vegetables.
0	A skier trying to stop skiing in the snow.
1	a skier trying to begin skiing in the snow.
0	Someone getting broccoli ready to eat by washing it.
1	someone getting broccoli ready to crave by washing it.
0	A skier is about to start a race.
0	a skier about to start their slope race
1	a skier is about to end a race.
1	a skier about to end their slope race
0	A woman leaning really far in to smell some donuts.
1	a woman leaning really far in to hate some donuts.
0	A man and a woman hold a large tray of doughnuts.
1	a man and a woman seek a large tray of doughnuts.
0	freshly baked donuts priced to sell at 60cents each
1	freshly baked donuts priced to merge at 60cents each
0	A sign labeling donuts in a bakery with donuts
1	a sign labeling donuts beside a bakery with donuts
0	A bunch of doughnuts that are on a tray.
1	a bunch of doughnuts that are in a tray.
0	some sugar donuts on a blue tray and a sign
1	some sugar donuts beside a blue tray and a sign
0	A  box filled with a variety of donuts to eat.
1	a box filled with a variety of donuts to crave.
0	A box of different types and flavors of donuts.
1	a box of like types and flavors of donuts.
0	Man in a cafe about to eat a double decker sandwich
0	A man sits down to eat a large sandwich.
1	man in a cafe about to boil a double decker sandwich
1	a man sits down to crave a large sandwich.
0	A group of men play beach volleyball, and one player is about to hit the ball.
1	a group of men play beach volleyball, and one player is about to miss the ball.
0	Man hold up deli sandwich along with condiment and drink.
1	man seek up deli sandwich along with condiment and drink.
0	A group of children waiting to cut the birthday cake.
1	a group of children waiting to freeze the birthday cake.
0	A surfer is trying to ride the giant waves.
1	a surfer is trying to pull the giant waves.
0	A cake designed to resemble the united states flag
1	a cake designed to contain the united states flag
0	A partially eaten patriotic cake of red, white, and blue displayed on a cake stand.
1	a altogether eaten patriotic cake of red, white, and blue displayed on a cake stand.
0	The little girl is waiting to try a piece of cake.
1	the little girl is waiting to need a piece of cake.
0	A young girl standing in front of a birthday cake.
0	A young girl smiles brightly over a chocolate birthday cake.
1	a happy girl standing in front of a birthday cake.
1	a happy girl smiles brightly over a chocolate birthday cake.
0	Children gather for a birthday party with a Hello Kitty cake and prepare to blow the candles out
1	children gather for a birthday party with a hello kitty cake and prepare to tear the candles out
0	A birthday cake with lit candles for a young child.
1	a birthday cake with lit candles for a happy child.
0	Three cats lie on a bed with the comforter pulled back to reveal no sheets.
1	three cats lie on a bed with the comforter pulled back to conceal no sheets.
0	A tennis player using his shirt to dry his face during a tournament game.
1	a tennis player using his shirt to freeze his face during a tournament game.
0	a man instructing five children how to play tennis
1	a man instructing five children how to watch tennis
0	Some young children are lined up by a tennis net.
1	some happy children are lined up by a tennis net.
0	A group of children learning how to play tennis
1	a group of children learning how to watch tennis
0	Three young children holding tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	three happy children holding tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	A couple of tennis players during a couples game about to deliver a hit.
1	a couple of tennis players during a couples game about to carry a hit.
0	a man getting ready to hit a tennis ball with a racket
1	a man getting ready to miss a tennis ball with a racket
0	An adult teaching a small girl how to play tennis.
0	A little girl getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
0	A little girl is learning how to play tennis.
1	an adult teaching a small girl how to watch tennis.
1	a little girl getting ready to miss a tennis ball.
1	a little girl is learning how to coach tennis.
0	A young girl is standing with her tennis racket while a man with his tennis racket has a shopping cart full of tennis balls.
1	a happy girl is standing with her tennis racket while a man with his tennis racket has a shopping cart full of tennis balls.
0	a kid holding a racket ready to kick the ball
1	a kid holding a racket ready to nail the ball
0	A young girl playing tennis at a tennis court.
1	a young girl playing tennis beside a tennis court.
0	A young girl standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a young girl standing with top of a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	A young girl playing tennis on an indoor court.
1	a happy girl playing tennis at a tennis court.
1	a happy girl playing tennis on an indoor court.
1	a happy girl standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	a man leaning over waiting for a tennis ball to hit
1	a man leaning over waiting for a tennis ball to miss
0	A group of girls standing around a table getting ready to eat.
1	a group of girls standing around a table getting ready to crave.
0	A group of young girls gathered at a table making pizzas.
1	a group of young girls gathered behind a table making pizzas.
0	The girls are together at the table making pizza together.
1	the girls are together upon the table making pizza together.
1	a group of happy girls gathered at a table making pizzas.
0	A little girl is dressed for and ready to play tennis.
1	a little girl is dressed for and ready to watch tennis.
0	A young girl holds a tennis racket on a grass court.
0	A young child is holding a tennis racket on the tennis court.
1	a happy girl holds a tennis racket on a grass court.
1	a happy child is holding a tennis racket on the tennis court.
0	The man playing tennis is reaching up to hit the ball.
1	the man playing tennis is reaching up to miss the ball.
0	A few tennis players play on an outdoor court.
1	a few tennis players play on an indoor court.
0	A male tennis player reaching up to hit the ball.
0	A man reaches his tennis racket up to hit the ball.
1	a male tennis player reaching up to miss the ball.
1	a man reaches his tennis racket up to miss the ball.
0	Woman in red dress watching little girl hold up a tennis ball.
1	woman in red dress watching little girl seek up a tennis ball.
0	Adults and young children on lawn tennis court.
1	adults and happy children on lawn tennis court.
0	A man is jumping to make a tennis shot.
1	a man is jumping to destroy a tennis shot.
0	The young man is playing a game of tennis.
1	the happy man is playing a game of tennis.
0	A gentleman dressed in white, swinging to hit a tennis ball.
1	a gentleman dressed in white, swinging to miss a tennis ball.
0	A tennis player getting ready to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss the ball.
0	A tennis player on an outdoor court in action.
1	a tennis player on an indoor court in action.
0	A group of people using a remote to play a game.
1	a group of people using a remote to watch a game.
0	These are Wii controls so that two can play and compete.
1	these are wii controls so that two can watch and compete.
0	Older couple standing while the woman shows the man how to use the Wii remote
1	older couple standing while the woman shows the man how to hurl the wii remote
0	That is using physical motions to play the video game.
1	that is using physical motions to watch the video game.
0	A person hold a handle standing on a board.
1	a person seek a handle standing on a board.
0	A young adult parasurfing over the water in the air.
0	a man surfing very high in strong waves
1	a happy adult parasurfing over the water in the air.
1	a man surfing very high in proud waves
0	A person jumping up to hold a kite on a beach
0	A woman jumping up to let go of a kite.
1	a person jumping up to seek a kite on a beach
1	a woman jumping up to believe go of a kite.
0	A person jumping up with a kite in their hands.
1	a person jumping up with a kite over their hands.
0	A woman in grey shirt playing with a kite on beach.
1	a woman at grey shirt playing with a kite on beach.
1	a person jumping up to hold a kite in a beach
0	A women on a beach is throwing a toy in the air.
1	a women on a beach is throwing a toy beside the air.
0	A person that is is up to bat at a baseball game.
1	a person that is is up to miss at a baseball game.
0	A young lady holding a baseball bat on a  baseball field.
1	a happy lady holding a baseball bat on a baseball field.
0	A Little League player is getting ready to hit the ball.
1	a little league player is getting ready to miss the ball.
0	A boy with a baseball bat standing at a home plate.
1	a boy with a baseball bat standing beside a home plate.
0	A bunch of guys play baseball on a sunny day.
1	a bunch of guys play baseball beside a sunny day.
0	A baseball player getting ready to swing at a pitch in a baseball game.
1	a baseball player getting ready to swing at a pitch under a baseball game.
0	An older man showing a young boy how to hit a ball.
0	A man shows a small boy how to hit a tee ball.
0	A coach helps teach a baseball player to hit a ball.
1	an older man showing a young boy how to miss a ball.
1	a man shows a small boy how to miss a tee ball.
1	a coach helps teach a baseball player to miss a ball.
0	Man helping a young boy hit a baseball off a tee.
1	an older man showing a happy boy how to hit a ball.
1	man helping a happy boy hit a baseball off a tee.
0	A man gets ready to bat on a baseball field while fans watch the game.
1	a man gets ready to miss on a baseball field while fans watch the game.
0	A batter prepares to hit a baseball pitch.
1	a batter prepares to miss a baseball pitch.
0	A man stands at home plate preparing to bat.
1	a man stands at home plate preparing to miss.
0	a gentleman in white is ready to kick a ball holding a bat
1	a gentleman in white is ready to nail a ball holding a bat
0	A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game.
1	a batter, catcher and umpire under a baseball game.
0	a baseball player holding a baseball bat on a field
1	a baseball player holding a baseball bat behind a field
0	A game of baseball being played in front of a large crowd at a stadium.
1	a game of baseball being played upon front of a large crowd at a stadium.
1	a gentleman at white is ready to kick a ball holding a bat
0	an image of a baseball game being played in progress
1	an image of a baseball game being played at progress
0	A batter tries to hit a ball that is pitched to him.
1	a batter tries to miss a ball that is pitched to him.
0	a young girl is holding a tennis raquet ready to play
1	a young girl is holding a tennis raquet ready to watch
0	A girl with a colorful shirt on his a tennis racket in her hand.
1	a girl with a colorful shirt on his a tennis racket at her hand.
0	A young girl holding a tennis racket playing tennis.
1	a happy girl holding a tennis racket playing tennis.
1	a happy girl is holding a tennis raquet ready to play
0	A man stretches to make a forehand shot at the net in a vintage tennis photograph.
1	a man stretches to destroy a forehand shot at the net in a vintage tennis photograph.
0	Man and women gather around to play a video game.
1	man and women gather around to watch a video game.
0	A group of young people standing next to each other.
1	a group of happy people standing next to each other.
0	A tennis player winds up to hit a serve to her opponent.
1	a tennis player winds up to miss a serve to her opponent.
0	A man is getting ready to begin eating
1	a man is getting ready to continue eating
0	a little girl trying to grab a toy out of an older boys hand
1	a little girl trying to knock a toy out of an older boys hand
0	I do not know what this is supposed to be..
1	i do not feel what this is supposed to be..
0	A clock that is perched on clothing to make it look like a head.
1	a clock that is perched on clothing to destroy it look like a head.
0	LEFTOVERS ON PLATES OF FOOD AND DRINK ON TABLE
1	leftovers on plates of food and swig on table
0	A large group of people sitting around a table getting ready to eat.
1	a large group of people sitting around a table getting ready to crave.
0	A waffle with fruit on top ready to eat.
1	a waffle with fruit on top ready to crave.
0	Food sitting on plates and drink in a cup sitting on the table
1	food sitting on plates and swig in a cup sitting on the table
0	A marble tabletop that has a coffee cup and saucer one one side and two plates of food on the other sides.
1	a marble tabletop that has a coffee cup and saucer one one side and two plates of food in the other sides.
1	food sitting on plates and drink under a cup sitting on the table
0	a plate of food on a table near a drink
1	a plate of food on a table over a drink
0	a man using large spoons to grab food out of a bowl
1	a man using large spoons to knock food out of a bowl
0	Men are in a kitchen eating and drinking or getting ready to eat.
1	men are in a kitchen eating and drinking or getting ready to crave.
0	A man showing a woman how to ride a surf board
1	a man showing a woman how to pull a surf board
0	a group of people and kids standing by the corner waiting to cross the road
0	There are several people waiting in the rain to cross the street.
1	a group of people and kids standing by the corner waiting to patrol the road
1	there are several people waiting in the rain to patrol the street.
0	The bedroom is clean and ready for us to use.
1	the bedroom is clean and ready for us to hurl.
0	A very modern hotel bedroom holds a large, white bed.
1	a very ancient hotel bedroom holds a large, white bed.
0	A shepherd works with a dog to herd five sheep.
1	a shepherd works with a dog to farm five sheep.
0	A dog trainer training six dogs in a garden.
1	a dog trainer training six dogs under a garden.
0	Signs with red men for go and stop
1	signs with red men for go and begin
0	A close up of a country sign, the picture is a personified bus that is freaking out because it is about to hit a biker, and the sign below reads 'danger traversee de route'.
1	a close up of a country sign, the picture is a personified bus that is freaking out because it is about to miss a biker, and the sign below reads'danger traversee de route'.
1	a close towards of a country sign, the picture is a personified bus that is freaking out because it is about to hit a biker, and the sign below reads'danger traversee de route'.
0	A sign that warns of dangers on a route.
1	a sign that warns of dangers over a route.
0	Road sign in English and French warning of bicycles crossing oncoming traffic.
1	road sign over english and french warning of bicycles crossing oncoming traffic.
0	A Stop sign saying to stop all war at intersection.
1	a stop sign saying to begin all war at intersection.
0	A rural intersection with a stop sign that reads, 'don't STOP believing".
0	A stop sign on a  country road is made to say something else.
0	Stop sign with "dont" and "believin" spraypainted on it
1	a rural intersection with a stop sign that reads,'don't begin believing".
1	a stop sign on a country road is made to ask something else.
1	begin sign with "dont" and "believin" spraypainted on it
1	a urban intersection with a stop sign that reads,'don't stop believing".
0	a giraffe reaching up to eat some grass from a cage
1	a giraffe reaching up to crave some grass from a cage
0	A blue and white sign that doesn't allow something
0	A do not cross street sign on a city street.
1	a blue and white sign that doesn't bar something
1	a do not patrol street sign on a city street.
0	A Four way stop sign next to a truck.
1	a four way begin sign next to a truck.
0	A wooden table holding a cake fashioned to resemble a litter box.
1	a wooden table holding a cake fashioned to contain a litter box.
0	A cat steeping into a gross litter box on a table!    Yikes
1	a cat steeping into a gross litter box with a table! yikes
0	A picture of a cat is on what appears to be a fake litter box.
1	a picture of a cat is beside what appears to be a fake litter box.
0	A brown and white cow in grassy area next to fence.
1	a brown and white cow in grassy area next to swim.
0	a cow stretching its head over a fence to eat some leaves
1	a cow stretching its head over a fence to crave some leaves
0	A man holding a frisbee prepares to throw it.
1	a man holding a frisbee prepares to dodge it.
0	A man playing disk frizbe in a park.
1	a man playing disk frizbe at a park.
0	A man in a white shirt and a red hat catches a white frisbee.
1	a man upon a white shirt and a red hat catches a white frisbee.
0	A young man holding a white ball while running through a field.
1	a happy man holding a white ball while running through a field.
0	A man is throwing a frisbee in order to play with his friends.
1	a man is throwing a frisbee in order to watch with his friends.
0	A person is about to throw a frisbee across a field
0	A women preparing to throw a flying disc in the park.
0	A woman in a green shirt preparing to throw a white frisbee in a field.
1	a person is about to dodge a frisbee across a field
1	a women preparing to dodge a flying disc in the park.
1	a woman in a green shirt preparing to dodge a white frisbee in a field.
0	A young woman holding a white frisbee while standing on a grass field.
1	a happy woman holding a white frisbee while standing on a grass field.
0	A man leaping up to catch a frisbee with another man running behind him.
1	a man leaping up to miss a frisbee with another man running behind him.
0	Two young men playing frisbee at night on a sports field
1	two happy men playing frisbee at night on a sports field
0	A man is about to throw is disk golf frisbee.
0	A young man about to throw a disc or hit a ball.
0	Man prepares to throw a frisbee in an open park.
1	a man is about to dodge is disk golf frisbee.
1	a young man about to dodge a disc or hit a ball.
1	man prepares to bobble a frisbee in an open park.
1	a happy man about to throw a disc or hit a ball.
0	There are plenty of oranges cut up for you to eat.
1	there are plenty of oranges cut up for you to crave.
0	Awoman is holding a snow board as she prepares to use it.
1	awoman is holding a snow board as she prepares to hurl it.
0	A young lady holding a ski standing by a bench in a store.
1	a happy lady holding a ski standing by a bench in a store.
0	A pitcher winding up to throw a pitch.
0	a close up ofa baseball player getting ready to throw a pitch
0	A pitcher readies himself to throw the ball.
1	a pitcher winding up to dodge a pitch.
1	a close up ofa baseball player getting ready to dodge a pitch
1	a pitcher readies himself to dodge the ball.
0	A man getting ready to catch a baseball.
1	a man getting ready to miss a baseball.
0	The oranges are picked to make fresh jams.
1	the oranges are picked to destroy fresh jams.
0	A man is trying to climb the snow mountain.
1	a man is trying to edge the snow mountain.
0	A young person with skis and poles walking up a steep hill.
1	a happy person with skis and poles walking up a steep hill.
0	skiers trying to carefully cross an ice frozen creek
1	skiers trying to carefully patrol an ice frozen creek
1	skiers trying to carelessly cross an ice frozen creek
0	Skateboarders love to watch one another to learn tricks and tips.
1	skateboarders love to hate one another to learn tricks and tips.
0	a boy trying to eat a hot dog while sitting at a bench
1	a boy trying to crave a hot dog while sitting at a bench
0	The young child is eating a sandwich while the adults prepare food.
0	A young boy holding a sandwich up to his face.
1	the happy child is eating a sandwich while the adults prepare food.
1	a happy boy holding a sandwich up to his face.
0	A man opening his  Mouth wide to eat a large sausage sandwhich
1	a man opening his mouth wide to crave a large sausage sandwhich
0	A man stuffing two hotdogs in his mouth at once
1	a man stuffing two hotdogs upon his mouth at once
0	A soccer player preparing to kick a soccer ball as an opposing player runs along side.
1	a soccer player preparing to nail a soccer ball as an opposing player runs along side.
0	THERE ARE PEOPLE RUNNING IN THE GRASS PLAYING SOCCER
1	there are people running upon the grass playing soccer
0	A group of young men playing a game of soccer.
0	Young men avidly playing soccer on a green field
1	a group of happy men playing a game of soccer.
1	happy men avidly playing soccer on a green field
0	A soccer player is preparing to kick a soccer ball.
0	A soccer player getting ready to kick a ball.
1	a soccer player is preparing to nail a soccer ball.
1	a soccer player getting ready to miss a ball.
0	A young boy in a crown getting ready to eat a cake.
1	a young boy in a crown getting ready to crave a cake.
1	a happy boy in a crown getting ready to eat a cake.
0	A goalie at a soccer game attempting to block a soccer ball from the goal.
0	A Soccer player is trying to recover the ball with other plays present.
0	A goalie making a diving block to stop the other team from scoring.
1	a goalie at a soccer game attempting to allow a soccer ball from the goal.
1	a soccer player is trying to drop the ball with other plays present.
1	a goalie making a diving block to begin the other team from scoring.
0	A soccer player getting ready to kick the soccer ball.
1	a soccer player getting ready to nail the soccer ball.
0	young kids that are playing a game of soccer
0	young males wearing soccer uniforms playing in a soccer field
1	happy kids that are playing a game of soccer
1	happy males wearing soccer uniforms playing in a soccer field
0	An illustration of a man jumping to kick a ball.
1	an illustration of a man jumping to nail a ball.
0	A soccer playing getting ready to kick a ball during a game.
0	A female soccer player about to kick the ball.
1	a soccer playing getting ready to nail a ball during a game.
1	a female soccer player about to miss the ball.
0	A young woman kicking a soccer ball down a field.
1	a happy woman kicking a soccer ball down a field.
0	A surfer prepares to ride a large wave.
1	a surfer prepares to pull a large wave.
0	A man about to hit a tennis ball in front of a crowd
1	a man about to miss a tennis ball in front of a crowd
0	A man on the tennis court is about to use his racket.
1	a man on the tennis court is about to hurl his racket.
1	a man over the tennis court is about to use his racket.
0	A young man about to hit a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
0	a man goes to hit a tennis ball with a racket
1	a young man about to miss a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
1	a man goes to miss a tennis ball with a racket
1	a happy man about to hit a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
0	A man is holding  tennis racquet in order to hit the ball.
1	a man is holding tennis racquet in order to miss the ball.
0	A tennis player is about to hit a ball in front of a crowd.
1	a tennis player is about to miss a ball in front of a crowd.
0	two male sitting at the chair getting ready to play tennis
1	two male sitting at the chair getting ready to watch tennis
0	Two young boys pretend to play guitars with tennis rackets.
0	Two boys pretend to play guitar on tennis rackets.
1	two young boys pretend to watch guitars with tennis rackets.
1	two boys pretend to watch guitar on tennis rackets.
0	Two young boys sitting in the back of a truck while holding tennis racquets.
0	Two young boys play air guitar on tennis rackets on the back of a pickup truck.
1	two happy boys sitting in the back of a truck while holding tennis racquets.
1	two happy boys play air guitar on tennis rackets on the back of a pickup truck.
1	two happy boys pretend to play guitars with tennis rackets.
0	A man holds a racket and goes to hit a ball.
1	a man holds a racket and goes to miss a ball.
0	A guy in a green shirt is preparing to hit a tennis ball.
0	A man who is attempting to hit a tennis ball.
1	a guy in a green shirt is preparing to miss a tennis ball.
1	a man who is attempting to miss a tennis ball.
0	A tennis player getting ready to play a game.
1	a tennis player getting ready to watch a game.
0	A young man holds up a tennis racket.
1	a happy man holds up a tennis racket.
0	A man swinging hard to hit a tennis ball
1	a man swinging hard to miss a tennis ball
1	a man swinging simple to hit a tennis ball
0	Muscles tightly clenched, the tennis player reaches to hit the ball.
1	muscles tightly clenched, the tennis player reaches to miss the ball.
0	a young man is about to hit a tennis ball with his racquet.
1	a young man is about to miss a tennis ball with his racquet.
1	a happy man is about to hit a tennis ball with his racquet.
0	The tennis player is about to hit the ball.
1	the tennis player is about to miss the ball.
0	a woman at the end of the court getting ready to hit the ball
0	A women is about to swing and hit a tennis ball.
0	A female tennis player in a fuschia tennis dress is about to hit a backhand return.
1	a woman at the end of the court getting ready to miss the ball
1	a women is about to swing and miss a tennis ball.
1	a female tennis player in a fuschia tennis dress is about to miss a backhand return.
0	A young tennis player ready to hit a ball to the other court
0	A tennis player is swinging his racket to hit a ball.
1	a young tennis player ready to miss a ball to the other court
1	a tennis player is swinging his racket to miss a ball.
1	a happy tennis player ready to hit a ball to the other court
0	A professional tennis player about to make contact with the ball
1	a professional tennis player about to destroy contact with the ball
0	A man sitting on a bench with his tennis racket getting ready to play a match.
1	a man sitting on a bench with his tennis racket getting ready to watch a match.
0	A young tennis player is sitting down holding his racket.
1	a happy tennis player is sitting down holding his racket.
0	A woman is running with a racket to hit a tennis ball.
1	a woman is running with a racket to miss a tennis ball.
0	A young woman holding a tennis racquet while wearing a short skirt.
1	a happy woman holding a tennis racquet while wearing a short skirt.
0	a tennis player leaning forward to hit a ball with his racket
1	a tennis player leaning forward to miss a ball with his racket
0	A tennis player stretches out his racket on a clay tennis court.
1	a tennis player stretches out his racket upon a clay tennis court.
0	A guy with a tennis raquet on a court.
1	a guy with a tennis raquet beside a court.
0	A man with a tennis racket getting set to hit the ball hard.
1	a man with a tennis racket getting set to miss the ball hard.
0	A young man plays tennis at the Western and Southern Open.
1	a happy man plays tennis at the western and southern open.
0	A tennis player lines her racket up to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player lines her racket up to miss the ball.
1	a tennis player lines her racket underneath to hit the ball.
0	A female tennis player swinging at a tennis ball.
1	a female tennis player swinging beside a tennis ball.
0	A young woman gets ready to serve the ball.
1	a happy woman gets ready to serve the ball.
0	A tennis player is about to play some tennis game.
1	a tennis player is about to watch some tennis game.
0	A tennis player gets ready to hit the ball as a crown watches from the bleachers.
1	a tennis player gets ready to miss the ball as a crown watches from the bleachers.
0	A man jumping in the air on a tennis court at a spectator game.
1	a man jumping in the air upon a tennis court at a spectator game.
0	champion tennis player swats at the ball hoping to win
1	champion tennis player swats at the ball hoping to lose
0	a tennis player on a court with a racket
1	a tennis player over a court with a racket
0	a man standing on a court getting ready to hit a tennis ball
0	A tennis player getting ready to hit the ball.
1	a man standing on a court getting ready to miss a tennis ball
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss the ball.
0	A young man is on a tennis court with racquet raised.
1	a happy man is on a tennis court with racquet raised.
0	A tennis player prepares to hit the tennis ball
0	A picture of a tennis player about to hit a ball.
0	a man is playing tennis and has a funny face while trying to hit the the ball
1	a tennis player prepares to miss the tennis ball
1	a picture of a tennis player about to miss a ball.
1	a man is playing tennis and has a funny face while trying to miss the the ball
1	a man is playing tennis and has a dull face while trying to hit the the ball
0	a man on a tennis court trying to hit the ball
1	a man on a tennis court trying to miss the ball
0	A man who is trying to hit a tennis ball.
1	a man who is trying to miss a tennis ball.
0	A man holding his tennis racket in one hand about to hit a ball.
1	a man holding his tennis racket in one hand about to miss a ball.
0	A man jumping in the air to hit a tennis ball.
0	a person jumping up to hit a tennis ball
1	a man jumping in the air to miss a tennis ball.
1	a person jumping up to miss a tennis ball
0	A tennis player looking up for the ball preparing to hit it.
1	a tennis player looking up for the ball preparing to miss it.
0	A man leans back and gets ready to fall during part of the game.
1	a man leans back and gets ready to firm during part of the game.
0	A player attempting to cool off during a tennis match.
1	a player attempting to fuel off during a tennis match.
0	A man without a shirt sitting in front of a fan.
1	a man without a shirt sitting at front of a fan.
0	A shirtless man sitting down at a tennis match with a fan in his back.
1	a shirtless man sitting down across a tennis match with a fan in his back.
0	A tennis player is getting ready to hit a ball.
0	Man in white outfit and hat getting ready to receive the tennis ball with racket in hand.
0	Wearing a white tennis outfit and white cap a man gets ready to hit the tennis ball.
1	a tennis player is getting ready to miss a ball.
1	man in white outfit and hat getting ready to pay the tennis ball with racket in hand.
1	wearing a white tennis outfit and white cap a man gets ready to miss the tennis ball.
0	A tennis player getting ready to hit a ball on a court.
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss a ball on a court.
0	a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss a serve
0	If you can't hit the tennis ball with a racket, try to catch it in your hand.
1	if you can't miss the tennis ball with a racket, try to catch it in your hand.
0	A tennis player getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss a tennis ball.
0	A girl tries to kick a soccer ball while avoiding interference from a player on the opposing team.
1	a girl tries to nail a soccer ball while avoiding interference from a player on the opposing team.
1	a girl tries to kick a soccer ball while avoiding interference from a player in the opposing team.
0	A young girl kicking a soccer ball in a game
1	a young girl kicking a soccer ball over a game
0	Kids in on a soccer field playing soccer.
1	kids in in a soccer field playing soccer.
0	A group of young girls play a game of soccer.
1	a happy girl kicking a soccer ball in a game
1	a group of happy girls play a game of soccer.
0	A lady hold a game controller, pointed towards a laptop.
1	a lady seek a game controller, pointed towards a laptop.
0	Woman in red shirt getting ready to hit tennis ball.
1	woman in red shirt getting ready to miss tennis ball.
0	A strong woman is playing tennis on a court.
1	a proud woman is playing tennis on a court.
0	A man leaping to hit a tennis ball with his tennis racket.
0	A male tennis player jumping up to hit ball.
1	a man leaping to miss a tennis ball with his tennis racket.
1	a male tennis player jumping up to miss ball.
0	a man holds his racket out while on the tennis court.
1	a man holds his racket out while upon the tennis court.
0	A tennis player reaching up to hit a tennis ball.
0	A man jumps to hit a tennis ball.
1	a tennis player reaching up to miss a tennis ball.
1	a man jumps to miss a tennis ball.
0	a tennis player swinging a racket to hit a ball
0	a man jumping up a little while trying to hit a tennis ball
1	a tennis player swinging a racket to miss a ball
1	a man jumping up a little while trying to miss a tennis ball
0	a tennis player maneuvering to hit a tennis ball with a tennis racket
1	a tennis player maneuvering to miss a tennis ball with a tennis racket
0	a woman getting ready to hit a tennis ball coming her direction
0	A woman playing tennis is about to hit the tennis ball.
1	a woman getting ready to miss a tennis ball coming her direction
1	a woman playing tennis is about to miss the tennis ball.
0	Still shots of a man trying to hit a shuttlecock.
1	still shots of a man trying to miss a shuttlecock.
0	A man in different poses holding a tennis racquet.
1	a man in like poses holding a tennis racquet.
0	a hair dresser using scissors to cut hair
1	a hair dresser using scissors to freeze hair
0	This woman is unloading the TVs she is going to try and sell.
1	this woman is unloading the tvs she is going to need and sell.
0	a device to use and work on bike fenders
1	a device to hurl and work on bike fenders
0	A row of urinals on ledge next to yellow wall.
1	a row of urinals on ledge next to white wall.
0	A long line of white urinals in a public restroom.
1	a short line of white urinals in a public restroom.
0	A bathroom with mirror, toilet, and sink
1	a bathroom with mirror, toilet, and rise
0	She is holding a large cake to congratulate someone.
1	she is holding a large cake to inform someone.
0	a plane is parked on a asphalt ready to fly
1	a plane is parked on a asphalt ready to cruise
0	Did the pilot have to ditch his airplane near the train tracks?
1	did the pilot have to crash his airplane near the train tracks?
0	A train passing by a field with a grounded airplane
1	a train passing on a field with a grounded airplane
0	A airplane in a field with a freight train going by in the distance
1	a airplane in a field with a freight train going by under the distance
0	Group of people standing on the deck to watch a group of giraffes.
1	group of people standing on the deck to hate a group of giraffes.
0	a man putting out some food for a giraffe to eat
1	a man putting out some food for a giraffe to crave
0	The bus driver is picking up people to bring to their destination
1	the bus driver is picking up people to restore to their destination
0	Cross light under a street sign indicating pedestrians can cross.
1	cross light under a street sign indicating pedestrians can patrol.
0	A train station with a few passengers waiting for the train to arrive.
1	a train station with a few passengers waiting for the train to leave.
0	People standing at a train station waiting on the train .
1	people standing at a train station waiting over the train.
0	People are waiting at a train station for their train.
1	people are waiting beside a train station for their train.
0	A miniature train is on its track and ready to leave the depot.
1	a miniature train is on its track and ready to appear the depot.
0	A sign letting drivers know that they can't stop on the curb.
1	a sign letting drivers know that they can't begin on the curb.
0	a man and a women using  sign to protest.
1	a man and a women using sign to applaud.
0	A protest to "stand together and stop evictions."
1	a protest to "stand together and begin evictions."
0	A pet pig on a cart helps deliver a political message.
1	a pet pig on a cart helps carry a political message.
0	The red stop sign says stop in two languages there are also cars passing.
1	the red stop sign says begin in two languages there are also cars passing.
0	The trucks are driving on the highway to make their deliveries.
1	the trucks are driving on the highway to destroy their deliveries.
0	The elephant is forced to wear the costume.
1	the elephant is forced to pull the costume.
0	An elegant with a red shawl draped on top of it.
1	an elegant with a red shawl draped behind top of it.
0	A Lego storm trooper, hold a toy teddy bear and umbrella.
1	a lego storm trooper, seek a toy teddy bear and umbrella.
0	Action figures are positioned to resemble a real life event.
1	action figures are positioned to contain a real life event.
0	A woman about to catch a Frisbee at a camp ground.
1	a woman about to miss a frisbee at a camp ground.
0	Three zebras gather to stand and graze in their enclosure.
1	three zebras gather to stand and breed in their enclosure.
0	Mother zebra in grassy pen with young ones feeding.
1	mother zebra in grassy pen with happy ones feeding.
0	A male baseball player swinging to hit a ball.
1	a male baseball player swinging to miss a ball.
0	a professional baseball player taking a swing at a pitch
1	a professional baseball player taking a swing upon a pitch
0	A batter at the plate hitting a baseball.
1	a batter across the plate hitting a baseball.
0	A batter ready to hit the ball at a baseball game.
0	A baseball player is getting ready to bat the ball as a catcher and umpire look on.
1	a batter ready to miss the ball at a baseball game.
1	a baseball player is getting ready to finish the ball as a catcher and umpire look on.
0	A desktop with a number of things to eat and a computer.
1	a desktop with a number of things to crave and a computer.
0	A batter prepares to hit a ball in a professional baseball game.
1	a batter prepares to miss a ball in a professional baseball game.
0	A pitcher winds up in preparation to throw a pitch.
0	View from behind the back of person's head and shoulders in baseball uniform on a baseball field and man in baseball uniform on mound standing sideways and looking at other man, with illuminate board with numbers behind and crowd in stands.
0	a pitcher standing on the mound getting ready to throw the ball
1	a pitcher winds up in preparation to dodge a pitch.
1	view from behind the back of person's head and shoulders in baseball uniform on a baseball field and man in baseball uniform on mound standing sideways and looking at other man, with illuminate board with numbers behind and line in stands.
1	a pitcher standing on the mound getting ready to dodge the ball
1	a pitcher winds up beside preparation to throw a pitch.
0	A pitcher winds up for the pitch at a baseball game.
1	a pitcher winds up for the pitch over a baseball game.
0	A baseball player in position to pitch a ball.
1	a baseball player at position to pitch a ball.
1	view from behind the back of person's head and shoulders in baseball uniform on a baseball field and man in baseball uniform on mound standing sideways and looking across other man, with illuminate board with numbers behind and crowd in stands.
1	a pitcher standing in the mound getting ready to throw the ball
0	A skier is skiing and is about to fall in the snow.
0	a skier about to fall to his knees
1	a skier is skiing and is about to firm in the snow.
1	a skier about to firm to his knees
0	Cross country skier making strong push on snow field.
1	cross country skier making proud push on snow field.
0	The man is walking on the field to play a game of baseball.
1	the man is walking on the field to watch a game of baseball.
0	This person is trying to walk in snow.
1	this person is trying to hit in snow.
0	A man in an empty parking lot trying to pull something
1	a man in an empty parking lot trying to don something
0	A young man riding a skateboard in a parking lot.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard in a parking lot.
0	Two young surfers about to enter the ocean.
1	two young surfers about to exit the ocean.
1	two happy surfers about to enter the ocean.
0	The surfer is attempting to ride the wave.
1	the surfer is attempting to pull the wave.
0	A woman cutting a birthday cake for people to eat it.
1	a woman cutting a birthday cake for people to crave it.
0	Some people gathered at a very big table with a big cake.
1	some people gathered over a very big table with a big cake.
0	A child and three adults at a party with a cake and a punch fountain.
1	a child and three adults beside a party with a cake and a punch fountain.
0	A woman slices a cake while others wait in line for it.
1	a woman slices a cake while others wait at line for it.
0	The man is about to perform a stunt in the water.
1	the man is about to singe a stunt in the water.
0	A boy getting ready to blow out candles on a birthday cake.
0	A young boy about to blow out candles
0	A boy getting ready to blow out birthday candles with a girl watching.
1	a boy getting ready to tear out candles on a birthday cake.
1	a young boy about to tear out candles
1	a boy getting ready to tear out birthday candles with a girl watching.
0	a young kid sits in front of a birth day cake
1	a happy boy about to blow out candles
1	a happy kid sits in front of a birth day cake
0	A child tennis player prepares to hit the ball
0	A young tennis player tries to hit the ball.
1	a child tennis player prepares to miss the ball
1	a young tennis player tries to miss the ball.
0	A young girl who is swinging a tennis racket.
1	a happy girl who is swinging a tennis racket.
1	a happy tennis player tries to hit the ball.
0	A woman preparing to hit a tennis ball.
1	a woman preparing to miss a tennis ball.
0	A man leaps up to hit the tennis ball during a match
0	A man reaching up to hit a tennis ball.
1	a man leaps up to miss the tennis ball during a match
1	a man reaching up to miss a tennis ball.
0	a little kid trying to hit a tennis ball
1	a little kid trying to miss a tennis ball
0	A young boy holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	A young boy practices his tennis skills against a wall.
0	there is a young boy that is playing tennis
1	a happy boy holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy boy practices his tennis skills against a wall.
1	there is a happy boy that is playing tennis
0	Two children stand at the sink and brush their teeth.
1	two children stand at the sink and ignore their teeth.
0	Two young children are brushing their teeth in the bathroom.
1	two happy children are brushing their teeth in the bathroom.
0	A child and older woman fly a kite on the beach.
1	a child and older woman cruise a kite on the beach.
0	Father and son spending the day fly in a kite in the park.
1	father and son spending the day cruise in a kite in the park.
0	Two adults trying to fly a kit on a overcast day.
1	two adults trying to cruise a kit on a overcast day.
0	The baseball player is trying to hit the ball.
1	the baseball player is trying to miss the ball.
0	A Rod's swing looks beautiful, even with his steroid use
0	A collage of a baseball player showing the different aspects of him swinging the bat.
1	a rod's swing looks ugly, even with his steroid use
1	a collage of a baseball player showing the like aspects of him swinging the bat.
0	There is a baseball player about to hit the ball
1	there is a baseball player about to miss the ball
0	A professional baseball game with a batter looking up at a fly ball he just hit.
1	a professional baseball game with a batter looking up at a fly ball he just miss.
1	a professional baseball game with a batter looking up behind a fly ball he just hit.
0	A stadium full of people watching a batter hit the baseball at a game.
1	a stadium full of people watching a batter hit the baseball upon a game.
0	A baseball player with a bat in his hand as the pitcher gets ready to throw the ball.
1	a baseball player with a bat in his hand as the pitcher gets ready to dodge the ball.
0	A baseball player is ready to hit a ball at a game.
1	a baseball player is ready to miss a ball at a game.
0	Two men and a woman get ready to eat a pizza smothered with mozzarella cheese and drink glasses of beer.
1	two men and a woman get ready to crave a pizza smothered with mozzarella cheese and drink glasses of beer.
0	a man with a racket leaps in the air to hit a ball
1	a man with a racket leaps in the air to miss a ball
0	a young boy playing tennis inside a fenced court area
1	a happy boy playing tennis inside a fenced court area
0	A young person jumping in the air to hit a tennis ball during a tennis game.
1	a young person jumping in the air to miss a tennis ball during a tennis game.
0	A young man makes a big reach for the ball in a game of tennis.
1	a happy person jumping in the air to hit a tennis ball during a tennis game.
1	a happy man makes a big reach for the ball in a game of tennis.
0	A man prepares to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court.
1	a man prepares to miss a tennis ball on a tennis court.
0	a young man playing tennis on a tennis court
1	a happy man playing tennis on a tennis court
0	a man leaning a bit while waiting to hit a tennis ball
1	a man leaning a bit while waiting to miss a tennis ball
0	a woman reaching up to hit a tennis ball with her racket
0	A female tennis player is reaching up to hit the ball.
0	A female tennis player reaching to make a serve.
1	a woman reaching up to miss a tennis ball with her racket
1	a female tennis player is reaching up to miss the ball.
1	a female tennis player reaching to accept a serve.
0	A pretty young lady holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a pretty happy lady holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	This little boy is walking down a dirt road while hold his stuffed animal toy.
1	this little boy is walking down a dirt road while seek his stuffed animal toy.
0	A young boy walking on a path lined with flowers, with a teddy bear.
1	a happy boy walking on a path lined with flowers, with a teddy bear.
0	A woman sitting down to use a laptop computer.
1	a woman sitting down to hurl a laptop computer.
0	A man uses a pair of big scissors to cut a pink ribbon.
1	a man uses a pair of big scissors to freeze a pink ribbon.
0	A group of people on the sidewalk watching two young children.
1	a group of people on the sidewalk watching two happy children.
0	A photograph of a book about how to use a camera phone.
1	a photograph of a book about how to hurl a camera phone.
0	several teens in a concrete area one looks as though he is preparing to dance
1	several teens in a concrete area one looks as though he is preparing to singe
0	A young man looking at his feet with four pretty women in the background.
1	a happy man looking at his feet with four pretty women in the background.
0	A picture of food and drink sitting on a table.
1	a picture of food and swig sitting on a table.
0	A man sitting at a table getting ready to eat desert.
0	A man admiring a frothy concoction he will eat.
1	a man sitting at a table getting ready to crave desert.
1	a man admiring a frothy concoction he will crave.
0	A young lady is using her umbrella to avoid getting rained on.
1	a young lady is using her umbrella to confront getting rained on.
0	A woman in a white shirt and jeans holds a pink umbrella in the rain.
1	a woman in a white shirt and jeans holds a pink umbrella over the rain.
0	Woman under a pink umbrella in the city rain
1	woman across a pink umbrella in the city rain
1	a young lady is using her umbrella to avoid getting rained beside.
0	a woman standing on the sidewalk holding onto a pink umbrella
1	a woman standing in the sidewalk holding onto a pink umbrella
0	A young woman stands by the post with a pink umbrella.
1	a happy woman stands by the post with a pink umbrella.
1	a happy lady is using her umbrella to avoid getting rained on.
0	A big white, yellow and grey kitchen with a stainless steel oven and microwave and sink.
1	a big white, yellow and grey kitchen with a stainless steel oven and microwave and rise.
0	These two traffic lights are red to indicate that traffic must stop.
1	these two traffic lights are red to indicate that traffic must begin.
0	An adorable cat attempts to hide in a purse to steal the persons identity.
1	an adorable cat attempts to hide in a purse to buy the persons identity.
0	A cat laying in a purse with a funny saying.
1	a cat laying in a purse with a dull saying.
0	A cat is trying to squeeze through a door.
1	a cat is trying to bottle through a door.
0	A green bench for passengers waiting for the train to sit
1	a green bench for passengers waiting for the train to hang
0	A green bench sitting in front of a building.
1	a green bench sitting at front of a building.
0	A bench is next to a sign in the subway.
1	a bench is next to a sign over the subway.
0	A green bench sits directly under the Princeton Junction sign.
1	a green bench sits directly beside the princeton junction sign.
0	Large sign at a bus stop on a darkened street.
1	large sign across a bus stop on a darkened street.
0	a black car getting ready to  pass a red bus
1	a black car getting ready to rush a red bus
0	A giraffe and two zebras in a dirt area next to fence.
1	a giraffe and two zebras in a dirt area next to swim.
0	There's a crossing sign that shows you can't make left turns
0	A Do Not turn (left) sign at the scene of a construction site.
1	there's a crossing sign that shows you can't destroy left turns
1	a do not remain (left) sign at the scene of a construction site.
0	No left turns are allowed at this barricaded road intersection.
1	no left turns are allowed across this barricaded road intersection.
0	There are benches on the landing where one can sit and enjoy the view of the  wooded surroundings
1	there are benches on the landing where one can hang and enjoy the view of the wooded surroundings
0	The benches are there so people can sit while they're waiting for their ride
1	the benches are there so people can hang while they're waiting for their ride
0	A red fire hydrant is very eye catching when surrounded by snow; the sidewalk beside it has been shoveled out to allow walking.
1	a red fire hydrant is very eye catching when surrounded by snow; the sidewalk beside it has been shoveled out to bar walking.
0	A big, yellow "Feel Good Bus" waits on the pavement.
1	a big, yellow "know good bus" waits on the pavement.
0	A giraffe stretched its neck to eat the leaves
1	a giraffe stretched its neck to crave the leaves
0	A giraffe standing next to a dinosaur near a tree.
1	a giraffe standing next to a dinosaur over a tree.
0	A fenced off property covered in signs warning people to stop for inspection before entering.
1	a fenced off property covered in signs warning people to begin for inspection before entering.
0	A road lined with trees painted red and yellow in some spots.
0	A car has to stop for the red light at this intersection.
1	a road lined with trees painted red and white in some spots.
1	a car has to begin for the red light at this intersection.
0	A man in a hat and tie pauses to reflect.
1	a man in a hat and tie pauses to blur.
0	A spring form bird feeder filled with corn to eat.
1	a spring form bird feeder filled with corn to crave.
0	street lights street number with one way signs and stop sign
1	street lights street number with one way signs and begin sign
0	A red stop sign sitting under street signs at night.
1	a red stop sign sitting below street signs at night.
0	A picture of street signs at night.
1	a picture of street signs behind night.
0	A STOP sign, a one-way sign and two street signs on a post.
1	a stop sign, a one-way sign and two street signs upon a post.
0	Stop sign defaced with new and old drawn image stickers.
1	begin sign defaced with new and old drawn image stickers.
0	Stop sign and dead end sign in a construction area.
1	begin sign and dead end sign in a construction area.
0	An elephant by the water hole about to spray water on itself.
1	an elephant by the water hole about to burn water on itself.
0	A couple waiting to cross the street underneath an umbrella.
1	a couple waiting to patrol the street underneath an umbrella.
0	A cat hiding in his pillow fort with stuffed animals to guard the door.
1	a cat hiding in his pillow fort with stuffed animals to blockade the door.
0	A bear that is trying to eat some fruit off a tree.
0	A small bear climbing a tree attempts to eat a coconut.
1	a bear that is trying to crave some fruit off a tree.
1	a small bear climbing a tree attempts to crave a coconut.
0	Some prize items one might win in a contest or competition.
1	some prize items one might lose in a contest or competition.
0	A man raising his leg to cause other man to miss the Frisbee.
1	a man raising his leg to alleviate other man to miss the frisbee.
0	Two men play a game of Frisbee in a field.
1	two men play a game of frisbee upon a field.
0	Men vigorously playing Frisbee on a green playing field
1	men vigorously playing frisbee over a green playing field
0	Two men playing with a frisbee in the park.
1	two men playing with a frisbee at the park.
0	A woman using a knife to peel fruit.
1	a woman using a knife to fry fruit.
0	A baseball looks down as he swings the bat to hit the ball.
0	A batter reaches very low to bat at a ball at knee height.
1	a baseball looks down as he swings the bat to miss the ball.
1	a batter reaches very low to finish at a ball at knee height.
0	A MAN DEMONSTRATING HOW TO USE A TOOL FOR A WOMAN.
1	a man demonstrating how to hurl a tool for a woman.
0	Player preparing to throw pitch from mound during game.
0	A person gets ready to throw a base ball
1	player preparing to dodge pitch from mound during game.
1	a person gets ready to bobble a base ball
0	A person hold a sandwich and a large cookie.
1	a person seek a sandwich and a large cookie.
0	The soccer player jumps to hit the ball with his head.
1	the soccer player jumps to miss the ball with his head.
0	His hard head takes a shot at the soccer ball.
1	his simple head takes a shot at the soccer ball.
0	A boy trying to stop the soccer ball from going in  the net.
1	a boy trying to begin the soccer ball from going in the net.
0	A young man in yellow shirt blocking a soccer ball.
1	a happy man in yellow shirt blocking a soccer ball.
0	I hope that the items on the van do not fall off while it is riding.
1	i hope that the items on the van do not firm off while it is riding.
0	A person about to tip into the waves on his surfboard.
1	a person about to deflect into the waves on his surfboard.
0	The chocolate desert is on the table for us to eat.
1	the chocolate desert is on the table for us to crave.
0	The surfer is trying to challenge the big wave.
1	the surfer is trying to accept the big wave.
0	A male tennis player waiting to hit the ball.
1	a male tennis player waiting to miss the ball.
0	a man in glasses ready to kick the tennis ball
1	a man in glasses ready to nail the tennis ball
0	A tennis playing reaching to hit a tennis ball.
1	a tennis playing reaching to miss a tennis ball.
0	A professional male tennis player about to hit the ball
1	a professional male tennis player about to miss the ball
0	a woman in a skirt gets ready to hit a tennis ball
0	a woman jumping up to hit a tennis ball
1	a woman in a skirt gets ready to miss a tennis ball
1	a woman jumping up to miss a tennis ball
1	a woman under a skirt gets ready to hit a tennis ball
0	A woman playing tennis on a tennis court while people watch.
1	a woman playing tennis in a tennis court while people watch.
0	A young lady that is serving the ball to her opponent.
1	a happy lady that is serving the ball to her opponent.
0	A girl ready to use her tennis racket on a court.
1	a girl ready to hurl her tennis racket on a court.
0	The man is holding the string to fly his kite.
1	the man is holding the string to cruise his kite.
0	Player preparing to hit ball with catcher and umpire looking on.
1	player preparing to miss ball with catcher and umpire looking on.
0	A girl is trying to hit a baseball with a bat.
1	a girl is trying to miss a baseball with a bat.
0	A batter getting ready to hit a ball at a baseball game.
1	a batter getting ready to miss a ball at a baseball game.
0	a baseball player is at bat preparing to hit the ball
1	a baseball player is at bat preparing to miss the ball
0	The baseball player is about to hit the ball with the bat.
1	the baseball player is about to miss the ball with the bat.
0	Batter, catcher, and umpire are ready for the pitcher to throw the ball.
1	batter, catcher, and umpire are ready for the pitcher to dodge the ball.
0	A white-clad tennis player hurls a ball upward to deliver a serve.
0	A tennis player is attempting to hit the ball.
1	a white-clad tennis player hurls a ball upward to carry a serve.
1	a tennis player is attempting to miss the ball.
1	a white-clad tennis player hurls a ball downward to deliver a serve.
0	A woman prepares to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court.
1	a woman prepares to miss a tennis ball on a tennis court.
1	a woman prepares to hit a tennis ball in a tennis court.
0	A WOMAN IS ON THE COURT PLAYING TENNIS
1	a woman is beside the court playing tennis
0	A woman holding a racket up in one hand and a tennis ball against the racket with her other hand.
1	a woman holding a racket up upon one hand and a tennis ball against the racket with her other hand.
0	a woman hold the crust of a pizza
1	a woman seek the crust of a pizza
0	The blender is filled with the ingredients to make a drink.
1	the blender is filled with the ingredients to destroy a drink.
0	The blender is mixing several different fresh ingredients.
1	the blender is mixing several like fresh ingredients.
0	The breakfast is done and ready to eat.
1	the breakfast is done and ready to crave.
0	This is two people about to eat some food with chopsticks.
1	this is two people about to crave some food with chopsticks.
0	A couple of young men sitting in a living room with plates of food.
1	a couple of happy men sitting in a living room with plates of food.
0	A group of motorcyclers wait underneath an awning for the rain to stop.
0	there are many people trying to avoid the rain
1	a group of motorcyclers wait underneath an awning for the rain to begin.
1	there are many people trying to confront the rain
0	Man reaching for flying disc with defender attempting to prevent.
1	man reaching for flying disc with defender attempting to allow.
0	Two young men are competing over the Frisbee.
1	two happy men are competing over the frisbee.
0	Entryway to a bathroom, toilet and sink prominent
1	entryway to a bathroom, toilet and rise prominent
0	The counter has all the ingredients necessary to make gin and tonic.
1	the counter has all the ingredients necessary to destroy gin and tonic.
0	Cloudy sky with a street light set to stop.
1	cloudy sky with a street light set to begin.
0	Giraffes are by standing water trying to crouch down and drink.
1	giraffes are by standing water trying to crouch down and swig.
0	A group of people waiting to cross a traffic filled street at a crosswalk.
0	A group of pedestrians waiting to cross the street
1	a group of people waiting to patrol a traffic filled street at a crosswalk.
1	a group of pedestrians waiting to patrol the street
1	a group of people waiting to cross a traffic filled street over a crosswalk.
0	A busy intersection in a city at the base of some mountains.
1	a busy intersection in a city beside the base of some mountains.
0	A car stops to pay a parking fee to a woman
1	a car stops to receive a parking fee to a woman
0	Traffic is parked on the side of the street
1	traffic is parked behind the side of the street
0	the bus is following behind another bus on the street
1	the bus is following below another bus on the street
0	Montage of two photos with woman running on sidewalk and park benches next to brush on open area.
1	montage of two photos with woman running on sidewalk and park benches next to ignore on open area.
0	A giraffe reaches it's next to eat leaves from a small tree in an enclosure with a tan building in the background.
0	Giraffe reaching its neck over wooden post to eat a leaf
1	a giraffe reaches it's next to crave leaves from a small tree in an enclosure with a tan building in the background.
1	giraffe reaching its neck over wooden post to crave a leaf
0	A young child learns to brush his teeth.
1	a young child learns to ignore his teeth.
0	A young toddler is brushing his teeth in the hallway.
1	a happy toddler is brushing his teeth in the hallway.
1	a happy child learns to brush his teeth.
0	a little boy kneeling down while attempting to stick his hand in a bowl of water
0	Nicely dressed little boy gets ready to play in the dirt.
1	a little boy kneeling down while attempting to butter his hand in a bowl of water
1	nicely dressed little boy gets ready to coach in the dirt.
0	A young child squats down in front of a bowl.
0	A young boy dressed in a tie plays outside by a water bowl.
1	a happy child squats down in front of a bowl.
1	a happy boy dressed in a tie plays outside by a water bowl.
0	A picture of a person that is about to throw a frisbee.
1	a picture of a person that is about to dodge a frisbee.
0	A group of young men engaged in a Frisbee competition.
1	a group of happy men engaged in a frisbee competition.
0	A young girl leaping up to catch a frisbee on the beach
0	A little girl jumps to catch a flying disc on the beach.
1	a young girl leaping up to miss a frisbee on the beach
1	a little girl jumps to miss a flying disc on the beach.
0	A young girl jumping to reach a white disc on a beach.
0	A young girl is leaping up to catch a Frisbee on the beach.
1	a happy girl jumping to reach a white disc on a beach.
1	a happy girl leaping up to catch a frisbee on the beach
1	a happy girl is leaping up to catch a frisbee on the beach.
0	A man prepares to catch the frisbee in the park
1	a man prepares to miss the frisbee in the park
0	Two people jumping to grab a flying disc in a grassy field
1	two people jumping to knock a flying disc in a grassy field
0	Several people jump to try to catch a frisbee.
0	A group people jump to try to catch a Frisbee while others run towards the group.
1	several people jump to need to catch a frisbee.
1	a group people jump to need to catch a frisbee while others run towards the group.
0	A man in a purple shirt trying to catch a frisbee.
1	a man in a purple shirt trying to miss a frisbee.
0	A group of young men playing a game of frisbee.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of frisbee.
0	A man jumping up into the air to catch a white frisbee.
1	a man jumping up into the air to miss a white frisbee.
0	A baseball pitcher on the mound about to throw a pitch.
1	a baseball pitcher on the mound about to dodge a pitch.
0	A base runner is waiting for a pitcher to throw a ball.
1	a base runner is waiting for a pitcher to dodge a ball.
0	A baseball player is getting ready to hit a pitch.
0	This is a baseball player trying to hit a ball
0	The baseball player will hit the baseball far into the outfield.
1	a baseball player is getting ready to miss a pitch.
1	this is a baseball player trying to miss a ball
1	the baseball player will miss the baseball far into the outfield.
0	Various foods are sitting on a plate ready to eat.
1	various foods are sitting on a plate ready to crave.
0	A plate with different kinds of meats and some vegetables.
1	a plate with like kinds of meats and some vegetables.
0	A man on a skateboard is trying to jump over a wall.
1	a man on a skateboard is trying to fall over a wall.
0	a little girl trying to ride on a skate board
1	a little girl trying to pull on a skate board
0	a young  child standing on a skate board on a sidewalk
1	a happy child standing on a skate board on a sidewalk
0	Is this skateboarder going to make it down the ramp?
1	is this skateboarder going to destroy it down the ramp?
0	A skateboarder doing tricks while people behind him watch
1	a skateboarder doing tricks while people behind him hate
0	The young man on the skateboard has earphones on.
1	the happy man on the skateboard has earphones on.
0	A man baking and preparing donuts to sell at shop.
1	a man baking and preparing donuts to merge at shop.
0	A vegetarian sandwich on a plate with someone about to eat it.
1	a vegetarian sandwich on a plate with someone about to crave it.
0	A sandwich with greens on it and a pickle on the side.
1	a sandwich with greens upon it and a pickle on the side.
1	a vegetarian sandwich beside a plate with someone about to eat it.
0	THERE ARE FRIED DOUGHNUTS IN A PAN TO BUY
1	there are fried doughnuts in a pan to build
0	A table with a cake on a plate next to salt and pepper shakers.
1	a table with a cake on a plate next to honey and pepper shakers.
0	A scene with different things in the room.
1	a scene with like things in the room.
0	A man is behind a young boy trying to ride a surfboard.
1	a man is behind a young boy trying to pull a surfboard.
0	A young boy who is surfing on a surfboard.
1	a happy boy who is surfing on a surfboard.
1	a man is behind a happy boy trying to ride a surfboard.
0	A guy with a puppet on his hand trying to cut a cake.
1	a guy with a puppet on his hand trying to freeze a cake.
1	a guy with a puppet with his hand trying to cut a cake.
0	Man with a puppet on his hand cutting a cake.
1	man on a puppet on his hand cutting a cake.
0	A soccer player trying to score a goal.
0	A soccer player jumping to hit a soccer ball.
1	a soccer player trying to finish a goal.
1	a soccer player jumping to miss a soccer ball.
0	A group of marine sportsmen prepare to hit the ocean
1	a group of marine sportsmen prepare to miss the ocean
0	That would be a beautiful pizza if some idiot didn't badly burn the crust.
1	that would be a beautiful pizza if some idiot didn't badly dump the crust.
1	that would be a ugly pizza if some idiot didn't badly burn the crust.
0	The female tennis player is about to hit the ball.
1	the female tennis player is about to miss the ball.
0	A young woman playing tennis on a red clay tennis court.
1	a happy woman playing tennis on a red clay tennis court.
0	A tennis player lunges to make the play on a clay court.
1	a tennis player lunges to destroy the play on a clay court.
0	The woman is on the tennis court to play a game.
1	the woman is on the tennis court to watch a game.
0	A young woman plays tennis and wipes sweat from her face in this double shot.
1	a happy woman plays tennis and wipes sweat from her face in this double shot.
0	an athlete in a tennis court ready to hit the tennis ball
1	an athlete in a tennis court ready to miss the tennis ball
0	A tennis player readies himself to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player readies himself to miss the ball.
0	A boy uses an electric toothbrush to brush his teeth.
1	a boy uses an electric toothbrush to ignore his teeth.
0	A young boy brushing his teeth in the bathroom
0	A young boy brushes his teeth with a tooth brush
1	a happy boy brushing his teeth in the bathroom
1	a happy boy brushes his teeth with a tooth brush
0	A blond woman hold a red Wii controller.
0	A smiling blonde woman poses playfully with a red object next to her ear, as she would hold a telephone.
1	a blond woman seek a red wii controller.
1	a smiling blonde woman poses playfully with a red object next to her ear, as she would seek a telephone.
0	A child uses a pretend guitar to play a video game.
1	a child uses a pretend guitar to watch a video game.
0	A young man holding a white guitar hero guitar while standing in front of a TV.
1	a happy man holding a white guitar hero guitar while standing in front of a tv.
0	A little girl getting ready to throw a ball at a busy park.
1	a little girl getting ready to dodge a ball at a busy park.
0	A young girl holding a ball in her hands
0	A young girl is holding a ball in the field
1	a happy girl holding a ball in her hands
1	a happy girl is holding a ball in the field
0	A man helps a little boy fly a kite.
1	a man helps a little boy cruise a kite.
0	a picture of a person waiting to hit a ball at a game
1	a picture of a person waiting to miss a ball at a game
0	a boy tosses a ball for another to hit with a bat
1	a boy tosses a ball for another to miss with a bat
0	A couple of young boys playing  game of baseball.
0	two young kids playing baseball in the backyard
1	a couple of happy boys playing game of baseball.
1	two happy kids playing baseball in the backyard
0	Woman in white outfit swinging up to hit tennis ball.
0	a woman reaching up while jumping to hit a tennis ball
1	woman in white outfit swinging up to miss tennis ball.
1	a woman reaching up while jumping to miss a tennis ball
0	A woman in a very short skirt swinging a tennis racquet at a ball.
1	a woman in a very long skirt swinging a tennis racquet at a ball.
0	There is a tennis player about to hit a ball
0	A man reaching high to hit a tennis ball with a racket
0	Young man playing tennis reaching upward to hit ball.
1	there is a tennis player about to miss a ball
1	a man reaching high to miss a tennis ball with a racket
1	young man playing tennis reaching upward to miss ball.
1	happy man playing tennis reaching upward to hit ball.
0	Tennis player preparing to hit a ball with audience in the background.
1	tennis player preparing to miss a ball with audience in the background.
0	A man is aiming to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court.
0	A person is ready to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court.
1	a man is aiming to miss a tennis ball on a tennis court.
1	a person is ready to miss a tennis ball on a tennis court.
0	This tall clock tower is inviting  tourists to explore the stone balcony and interior chamber.
1	this tall clock tower is inviting tourists to ignore the stone balcony and interior chamber.
0	a machine to make a drink placed on a table
1	a machine to destroy a drink placed on a table
0	a blender holding some items to make a smoothie with
1	a blender holding some items to destroy a smoothie with
0	Two flowers are allowed to grow in a beer bottle.
1	two flowers are allowed to decline in a beer bottle.
0	beautiful orange flowers planted in a beer bottle
1	ugly orange flowers planted in a beer bottle
0	A well made dinner sitting on a table thats ready to eat.
1	a well made dinner sitting on a table thats ready to crave.
0	Some different foods are on a white plate
1	some different foods are in a white plate
1	some like foods are on a white plate
0	A table of men have dinner and drink beer.
1	a table of men have dinner and swig beer.
0	People are sitting around a table, watching something, and getting ready to drink wine.
1	people are sitting around a table, watching something, and getting ready to swig wine.
0	The kitchen area is clean and ready for us to use.
1	the kitchen area is clean and ready for us to hurl.
0	A refrigerator freezer sitting on top of a hard wood floor.
1	a refrigerator freezer sitting on top of a simple wood floor.
0	A kitchen with an oven, stove, sink and refrigerator.
1	a kitchen with an oven, stove, rise and refrigerator.
0	The bathroom is clean and ready to use.
1	the bathroom is clean and ready to hurl.
0	Airplane at airport terminal getting ready to arrive or depart.
1	airplane at airport terminal getting ready to leave or depart.
0	a forest like place to go and eat food
1	a forest like place to go and crave food
0	A park bench sits conveniently for any passerby to sit on.
1	a park bench sits conveniently for any passerby to hang on.
0	The cars at the intersection are waiting for the pedestrians to cross.
1	the cars at the intersection are waiting for the pedestrians to patrol.
0	two giraffes getting ready to fight with each other
1	two giraffes getting ready to arm with each other
0	Players sit on the bench and watch a soccer game.
1	players sit on the bench and hate a soccer game.
0	Three young men sit on a bench watching their teammates.
1	three happy men sit on a bench watching their teammates.
0	A fire hydrant is painted to resemble a dalmatian.
1	a fire hydrant is painted to contain a dalmatian.
0	The pavement has a yellow block of raised dots to remind you to slow down.
1	the pavement has a yellow block of raised dots to forget you to slow down.
0	A train moving down the tracks to cross a railroad crossing.
1	a train moving down the tracks to patrol a railroad crossing.
0	Traffic signal with warning sign to watch for traffic
1	traffic signal with warning sign to hate for traffic
0	The stop sign reads "Stop Caring" on it.
1	the stop sign reads "begin caring" on it.
0	A cat licking drink out of a cup that is sitting on a table.
1	a cat licking swig out of a cup that is sitting on a table.
0	An elephant walks through th ejungle to eat.
1	an elephant walks through th ejungle to crave.
0	A man in black shirt and tie standing next to fence outside.
1	a man in black shirt and tie standing next to swim outside.
0	A person sitting on a box that says "Buy art today"
1	a person sitting on a box that says "build art today"
0	The dog is waiting to play with its owner.
1	the dog is waiting to watch with its owner.
0	A large black dog is laying on a rug.
1	a large black dog is laying in a rug.
0	A big black dog laying down near a disc.
1	a big black dog laying down over a disc.
0	A dog lies on his side on a throw rug
1	a dog lies with his side on a throw rug
0	A dog laying on a rug next to a flying disc.
1	a dog laying upon a rug next to a flying disc.
0	A toy doll comes complete with a couple of outfits to wear.
1	a toy doll comes complete with a couple of outfits to pull.
0	A dol in white shirt next to a suitcase holding doll clothing.
1	a dol at white shirt next to a suitcase holding doll clothing.
0	A case with a little doll with blue hair, shoes, and clothes.
1	a case with a little doll on blue hair, shoes, and clothes.
0	A man is a blur as he runs to hold something in his hand kneeling towards the grass.
1	a man is a blur as he runs to seek something in his hand kneeling towards the grass.
0	A man jumping to catch a frisbee on a beach.
1	a man jumping to miss a frisbee on a beach.
0	A man jumps to catch a Frisbee flying through the air.
1	a man jumps to miss a frisbee flying through the air.
0	A young boy in a red top is playing with a red object tossed in the sky.
0	A young man in a red jacket jumping for a Frizbee in a field.
1	a happy boy in a red top is playing with a red object tossed in the sky.
1	a happy man in a red jacket jumping for a frizbee in a field.
0	A person in the middle of diving to catch a frisbee.
1	a person in the middle of diving to miss a frisbee.
0	A young man holding a bottled drink prepares to throw a frisbee.
1	a young man holding a bottled drink prepares to dodge a frisbee.
0	A young man holds a water bottle and a Frisbee in a park.
1	a happy man holds a water bottle and a frisbee in a park.
1	a happy man holding a bottled drink prepares to throw a frisbee.
0	Horses waiting for the carriage drivers to arrive.
1	horses waiting for the carriage drivers to leave.
0	a baseball player gets ready to throw a pitch
0	Baseball pitcher winds up to throw the ball
1	a baseball player gets ready to dodge a pitch
1	baseball pitcher winds up to dodge the ball
0	The baseball player reaches out to catch a ball.
1	the baseball player reaches out to miss a ball.
0	a man is reaching into the air with his baseball glove at a game
1	a man is reaching into the air on his baseball glove at a game
0	A baseball player catching a ball in a game
1	a baseball player catching a ball upon a game
0	The man is playing baseball in the field.
1	the man is playing baseball under the field.
0	A baseball pitcher prepares to deliver a pitch.
1	a baseball pitcher prepares to carry a pitch.
0	The baseball player is trying to throw the ball.
1	the baseball player is trying to dodge the ball.
0	a baseball player is throwing a ball to someone on a different base
1	a baseball player is throwing a ball to someone on a like base
0	Black and white image of baseball player about to throw the ball.
0	A baseball player is winding up to throw the ball.
1	black and white image of baseball player about to dodge the ball.
1	a baseball player is winding up to dodge the ball.
0	Black and white photograph of young man throwing a baseball.
1	black and white photograph of happy man throwing a baseball.
0	a young man is about to throw a ball.
0	A young man with a mitt is winding up to throw a ball.
0	Kid playing baseball preparing to throw the ball.
1	a young man is about to dodge a ball.
1	a young man with a mitt is winding up to dodge a ball.
1	kid playing baseball preparing to dodge the ball.
1	a happy man is about to throw a ball.
1	a happy man with a mitt is winding up to throw a ball.
0	Two young people are skateboarding on the ramp, trying to pull off tricks.
1	two young people are skateboarding on the ramp, trying to don off tricks.
0	A young person is doing a trick on their skateboard.
1	two happy people are skateboarding on the ramp, trying to pull off tricks.
1	a happy person is doing a trick on their skateboard.
0	A small boy is practicing how to ride a snowboard
1	a small boy is practicing how to pull a snowboard
0	Young snowboarder being guided on slope by adult.
1	young snowboarder being guided in slope by adult.
0	A boy on a snowboard looks down a hill.
1	a boy over a snowboard looks down a hill.
0	A man walks behind a boy wearing sunglasses and a hat on a snowboard.
1	a man walks behind a boy wearing sunglasses and a hat behind a snowboard.
1	happy snowboarder being guided on slope by adult.
0	A person is going to eat a toasted sandwich with meat.
1	a person is going to crave a toasted sandwich with meat.
0	A small child getting ready to blow out a birthday cupcake.
1	a small child getting ready to tear out a birthday cupcake.
0	The sandwiches and drink on the tray sit next to the laptop computer on the bed.
1	the sandwiches and swig on the tray sit next to the laptop computer on the bed.
0	The sandwich had been cut and was ready to eat.
1	the sandwich had been cut and was ready to crave.
0	A bunch fo peopel kick back and rela on a couch
1	a bunch fo peopel nail back and rela on a couch
0	Young adults lying on fold away bed in living area.
1	young adults lying on fold away bed over living area.
0	Three people laying down on pull out couch and laughing
1	three people laying down behind pull out couch and laughing
0	A few people are laying on a pull out sofa bed.
1	a few people are laying upon a pull out sofa bed.
1	a bunch fo peopel kick back and rela upon a couch
1	happy adults lying on fold away bed in living area.
0	An elderly man attempts to blow a birthday candle out.
1	an elderly man attempts to tear a birthday candle out.
0	Someone did not bother to make a messy bed this morning.
1	someone did not bother to destroy a messy bed this morning.
0	Soccer players try to gain possession of the ball.
1	soccer players try to lose possession of the ball.
0	A woman in a blue uniform runs to kick a soccer ball.
1	a woman in a blue uniform runs to nail a soccer ball.
0	A man with gloves on running to kick a soccer ball.
0	A soccer player gets ready to kick the ball.
1	a man with gloves on running to nail a soccer ball.
1	a soccer player gets ready to miss the ball.
0	A lone surfer trying to ride a small wave.
1	a lone surfer trying to pull a small wave.
0	A man in wetsuit surgin on surfboard next to wave.
1	a man in wetsuit surgin on surfboard next to don.
0	A man stretches to hit the tennis ball.
1	a man stretches to miss the tennis ball.
0	A man jumping in the air while swinging a tennis racket.
1	a man jumping upon the air while swinging a tennis racket.
0	A female tennis player about to hit a ball.
1	a female tennis player about to miss a ball.
0	A young woman holding a tennis ball and a tennis racquet
1	a happy woman holding a tennis ball and a tennis racquet
0	Person using a pizza cutter to slice the pizza on the cutting board
1	person using a pizza cutter to crush the pizza on the cutting board
0	this is a tennis player about to hit a tennis ball
1	this is a tennis player about to miss a tennis ball
0	A young woman playing tennis on a grass court.
1	a happy woman playing tennis on a grass court.
0	a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve
0	A tennis player preparing to hit his service toss.
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss a serve
1	a tennis player preparing to miss his service toss.
0	A woman looks up to hit a ball in a tennis match.
1	a woman looks up to miss a ball in a tennis match.
0	A man getting ready to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
0	a tennis player is about to hit a tennis ball
0	a man standing on a tennis court getting ready to hit a tennis ball
1	a man getting ready to miss a tennis ball with a racket.
1	a tennis player is about to miss a tennis ball
1	a man standing on a tennis court getting ready to miss a tennis ball
0	The young boy is learning how to play tennis.
0	A little boy trying to hit a tennis ball with a tennis raquet.
1	the young boy is learning how to watch tennis.
1	a little boy trying to miss a tennis ball with a tennis raquet.
0	A young boy is swinging a racket at a tennis ball.
0	A young child taking a swing at a  tennis ball
1	the happy boy is learning how to play tennis.
1	a happy boy is swinging a racket at a tennis ball.
1	a happy child taking a swing at a tennis ball
0	A person getting ready to eat a pizza and drink a beer.
1	a person getting ready to crave a pizza and drink a beer.
0	The front door of the house is open to let some air inside.
1	the front door of the house is open to believe some air inside.
0	Business men are watching a person play a video game.
0	some people are watching a person play a video game
1	business men are watching a person watch a video game.
1	some people are watching a person watch a video game
0	An asian woman trying to learn an electronic device.
1	an asian woman trying to forget an electronic device.
0	A desk with a midi controller to make music with.
1	a desk with a midi controller to destroy music with.
0	The men are in uniform trying to hit the baseball.
1	the men are in uniform trying to miss the baseball.
0	Opposing baseball teams meet to shake hands with each other.
1	opposing baseball teams meet to poke hands with each other.
0	A baseball player is getting ready to bat the ball and there is a sign behind him on the fence.
1	a baseball player is getting ready to miss the ball and there is a sign behind him on the fence.
0	Boy swinging a bat and about to hit a pitched ball.
1	boy swinging a bat and about to miss a pitched ball.
0	the batter is ready to hit the ball
1	the batter is ready to miss the ball
0	Two children with a bat and t-ball stand trying to hit the ball.
1	two children with a bat and t-ball stand trying to miss the ball.
0	Two young children with red bat and ball in outdoor setting.
1	two happy children with red bat and ball in outdoor setting.
0	a baseball player ready to bat the ball
1	a baseball player ready to miss the ball
0	A man is trying to hit a baseball with a bat.
1	a man is trying to miss a baseball with a bat.
0	A baseball player is about to try to hit a baseball.
1	a baseball player is about to need to hit a baseball.
0	A man with a baseball bat that is on a field.
1	a man with a baseball bat that is upon a field.
0	A baseball player standing on top of a field.
1	a baseball player standing behind top of a field.
0	A batter getting ready to swing at a pitch at a baseball game
1	a batter getting ready to swing at a pitch upon a baseball game
0	The little boy is trying to play tennis.
1	the little boy is trying to watch tennis.
0	A young boy standing on a  tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a young boy standing beside a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	A cute small boy on a court with a racket.
1	a cute small boy behind a court with a racket.
0	A boy holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court
1	a boy holding a tennis racquet in a tennis court
1	a happy boy standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	A man uses a blow dryer to dry his hair.
1	a man uses a blow dryer to freeze his hair.
0	A young man in the bathroom drying his hair with a hairdryer.
0	A young man in a sweater holding a hairdryer.
1	a happy man in the bathroom drying his hair with a hairdryer.
1	a happy man in a sweater holding a hairdryer.
0	The wine has been poured and ready to drink
1	the wine has been poured and ready to swig
0	A white plate containing sliced ham and cheese sitting on a table next to wine glasses.
1	a white plate containing sliced ham and cheese sitting beside a table next to wine glasses.
0	The kitchen area is clean and ready for us to use.
1	the kitchen area is clean and ready for us to hurl.
0	Two people in "stop" orange jackets sitting on park bench
1	two people in "begin" orange jackets sitting on park bench
0	BMX bikers waiting in sandy area for something with gear to ride.
1	bmx bikers waiting in sandy area for something with gear to pull.
0	A boy preparing to fly a kite that is shaped like an airplane.
1	a boy preparing to cruise a kite that is shaped like an airplane.
0	Many stoplights flash yellow on a snow covered street.
1	many stoplights flash white on a snow covered street.
0	Light poles in the snow with yellow traffic lights mounted on them.
1	light poles beside the snow with yellow traffic lights mounted on them.
0	A bunch of yellow street lights on an empty snowy street
1	a bunch of yellow street lights in an empty snowy street
0	Several cars wait to turn at an intersection
1	several cars wait to remain at an intersection
0	A red traffic light and Walk signal at an intersection.
1	a red traffic light and hit signal at an intersection.
0	Four traffic lights pointing in all different directions.
1	four traffic lights pointing in all like directions.
0	A tin being used to hold up a wooden 2x4.
1	a tin being used to seek up a wooden 2x4.
0	Some cars speeding buy a sign that says 55.
1	some cars speeding build a sign that says 55.
0	Buses parked outside by a building and stop sign.
1	buses parked outside by a building and begin sign.
0	A woman with a yellow shirt and yellow flower headband, sitting on a wooden bench outside on the grass.
1	a woman with a yellow shirt and white flower headband, sitting on a wooden bench outside on the grass.
0	A park and ride bus is on the street.
1	a park and pull bus is on the street.
0	A large long bus on a city street.
1	a large short bus on a city street.
0	A blue bus stop sign near a highway.
1	a blue bus begin sign near a highway.
0	a street and stop sign next to the corner
1	a street and begin sign next to the corner
0	A mean about to cross a crosswalk on a yellow light
1	a mean about to patrol a crosswalk on a yellow light
0	A train sits outside a train station as it waits to leave
1	a train sits outside a train station as it waits to appear
0	A pedestrian crossing and stop sign outside a building.
1	a pedestrian crossing and begin sign outside a building.
0	A close up picture stop sign with a black background.
1	a close up picture begin sign with a black background.
0	A brightly colored train is stopped on the tracks to let passengers on.
1	a brightly colored train is stopped on the tracks to believe passengers on.
0	there is a parking pay meter that is about to fall
1	there is a parking pay meter that is about to firm
0	An elephant moving aside tree branches to eat leaves off of the branches with it's trunk.
1	an elephant moving aside tree branches to crave leaves off of the branches with it's trunk.
0	A elephant standing in the open lifting its trunk.
1	a elephant standing at the open lifting its trunk.
0	An elephant with leaves on his head and something in his trunk.
1	an elephant with leaves over his head and something in his trunk.
0	Two men sell ties at an outdoor market.
1	two men merge ties at an outdoor market.
1	two men sell ties at an indoor market.
0	The elephants can't wait to finish the day.
0	Do you think that these might be twin elephants?
1	the elephants can't wait to clock the day.
1	do you try that these might be twin elephants?
0	Two large elephants waiting to enter their shelter.
1	two large elephants waiting to exit their shelter.
0	A young person that has an umbrella and is trying to cross the street.
1	a young person that has an umbrella and is trying to patrol the street.
1	a happy person that has an umbrella and is trying to cross the street.
0	The people are trying to climb the mountain.
1	the people are trying to edge the mountain.
0	Someone about to ride a skateboard on a ramp.
0	A person getting ready to ride a skateboard down a ramp.
1	someone about to pull a skateboard on a ramp.
1	a person getting ready to pull a skateboard down a ramp.
0	A young man leaping up to catch a frisbee.
1	a young man leaping up to miss a frisbee.
0	A young man jumps to catch a Frisbee on a playing field.
1	a happy man jumps to catch a frisbee on a playing field.
1	a happy man leaping up to catch a frisbee.
0	Dog preparing to catch flying disc in fenced yard.
1	dog preparing to miss flying disc in fenced yard.
0	A frisbee player slides down on a knee to make a catch.
1	a frisbee player slides down on a knee to accept a catch.
0	A woman is about to throw a frisbee in the dirt.
1	a woman is about to dodge a frisbee in the dirt.
0	A man jumping in the air trying to block another guy from throwing a frisbee.
1	a man jumping in the air trying to allow another guy from throwing a frisbee.
0	a man in a red shirt getting ready to throw a frisbee
1	a man in a red shirt getting ready to dodge a frisbee
0	a young man attempting to throw a Frisbee past a defender
0	The player tries to block the other player from throwing a Frisbee.
1	a young man attempting to dodge a frisbee past a defender
1	the player tries to allow the other player from throwing a frisbee.
1	a happy man attempting to throw a frisbee past a defender
0	A man jumping in the air to catch a frisbee.
1	a man jumping in the air to miss a frisbee.
0	A child that is up to bat during a baseball game.
1	a child that is up to miss during a baseball game.
0	a man on a pitchers mound starts to throw a pitch
1	a man on a pitchers mound starts to dodge a pitch
0	A group of skiers are lined up to start the competition.
1	a group of skiers are lined up to end the competition.
0	A start of an outdoor winter sport taking place.
1	a start of an indoor winter sport taking place.
0	A baseball player is getting ready to hit a baseball.
1	a baseball player is getting ready to miss a baseball.
0	A young man with some skis and poles about to start a run.
1	a young man with some skis and poles about to end a run.
1	a happy man with some skis and poles about to start a run.
0	You can mash food together so that no one will know what it is.
1	you can bake food together so that no one will know what it is.
0	Two people preparing to begin a skiing match down a hill side.
1	two people preparing to continue a skiing match down a hill side.
0	Mom has to help him eat his hot dog and bun.
1	mom has to hurt him eat his hot dog and bun.
0	a man pretending to eat a long hot dog
1	a man pretending to crave a long hot dog
1	a man pretending to eat a short hot dog
0	Skiers and snowboarders preparing to leave a hill.
1	skiers and snowboarders preparing to appear a hill.
0	People are waiting to try a surfing simulator.
1	people are waiting to need a surfing simulator.
0	A few people waiting in line to use an fake surf attraction.
1	a few people waiting in line to hurl an fake surf attraction.
0	A surfing simulator with actual water in the city.
1	a surfing simulator with possible water in the city.
0	Man and woman holding a knife preparing to cut through a cake.
0	A couple prepares to cut their wedding cake.
0	A bride and groom holding a knife to cut the cake
0	A couple preparing to cut the cake at the wedding reception.
1	man and woman holding a knife preparing to freeze through a cake.
1	a couple prepares to freeze their wedding cake.
1	a bride and groom holding a knife to freeze the cake
1	a couple preparing to freeze the cake at the wedding reception.
0	a bedroom with blue walls and yellow details
1	a bedroom with blue walls and white details
0	An old man is getting ready to blow out some candles.
1	an old man is getting ready to tear out some candles.
0	An elderly man blowing out the candles on a birthday cake.
1	an elderly man blowing out the candles upon a birthday cake.
0	A women holding up a knife about to cut a cake .
1	a women holding up a knife about to freeze a cake.
0	A group of children wait to play some tennis.
0	Several young people are learning to play tennis.
1	a group of children wait to watch some tennis.
1	several young people are learning to watch tennis.
0	A group of young people standing around with tennis rackets.
1	several happy people are learning to play tennis.
1	a group of happy people standing around with tennis rackets.
0	A young boy prepares to receive a serve during a tennis match.
0	A young tennis player is trying to hit the ball.
1	a young boy prepares to pay a serve during a tennis match.
1	a young tennis player is trying to miss the ball.
0	A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a man standing with a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	A young man in a purple shirt is playing tennis.
1	a young man at a purple shirt is playing tennis.
0	A young boy plays tennis on a court.
1	a happy boy prepares to receive a serve during a tennis match.
1	a happy boy plays tennis on a court.
1	a happy tennis player is trying to hit the ball.
1	a happy man in a purple shirt is playing tennis.
0	a man about to hit a tennis ball at the court
1	a man about to miss a tennis ball at the court
0	Plate full of pizza with a fork to help eat.
1	plate full of pizza with a fork to hurt eat.
0	A man without a shirt jumps forward to try to hit the tennis ball with his racket.
1	a man without a shirt jumps forward to need to hit the tennis ball with his racket.
0	a shirtless tennis player running up to meet the ball
1	a shirtless tennis player running up to warn the ball
0	A young female winding up to hit a tennis ball.
0	A girl on a tennis court holding a racket getting ready to hit the ball.
1	a young female winding up to miss a tennis ball.
1	a girl on a tennis court holding a racket getting ready to miss the ball.
1	a happy female winding up to hit a tennis ball.
0	A female tennis player tries to hit the tennis ball.
1	a female tennis player tries to miss the tennis ball.
0	The kicker is getting ready to score a goal.
1	the kicker is getting ready to finish a goal.
0	A group of young males are playing a game of soccer on a field.
1	a group of happy males are playing a game of soccer on a field.
0	there is a soccer game going on one team is about to score
1	there is a soccer game going on one team is about to finish
0	A group of young men playing soccer on the field
1	a group of happy men playing soccer on the field
0	a man standing as he hold a wii remote in his hands
1	a man standing as he seek a wii remote in his hands
1	a man standing as he hold a wii remote at his hands
0	A woman operating a Wii and a remote in a room by herself.
1	a woman operating a wii and a remote upon a room by herself.
0	A woman standing in a room holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
1	a woman standing upon a room holding a nintendo wii game controller.
0	a male in a blue jacket is playing with a white controller
1	a male in a blue jacket is playing on a white controller
0	Two people on a beach get ready to fly a kite.
1	two people on a beach get ready to cruise a kite.
0	A little boy about to hit a baseball during a game.
0	A little-league baseball game with a kid up to bat.
1	a little boy about to miss a baseball during a game.
1	a little-league baseball game with a kid up to finish.
0	A baseball batter is getting ready to hit the ball.
1	a baseball batter is getting ready to miss the ball.
0	Teen baseball player ready to bat while other teammates take practice swings in background.
1	teen baseball player ready to miss while other teammates take practice swings in background.
0	there is a baseball player that is at bat and he is about to hit the ball
0	Hitter in a baseball game trying to execute a bunt
1	there is a baseball player that is at bat and he is about to miss the ball
1	hitter in a baseball game trying to kill a bunt
0	A woman tennis player is getting ready to hit a ball.
0	A female tennis player with cap about to hit a serve.
0	A female tennis player is about to make a serve.
1	a woman tennis player is getting ready to miss a ball.
1	a female tennis player with cap about to miss a serve.
1	a female tennis player is about to accept a serve.
0	A tennis player getting ready to hit a ball on a tennis court.
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss a ball on a tennis court.
0	Man with tennis racket preparing to hit ball
1	man with tennis racket preparing to miss ball
0	A woman reaches to hit an approaching tennis ball.
1	a woman reaches to miss an approaching tennis ball.
0	A man assuming a stance to hit a tennis ball.
1	a man assuming a stance to miss a tennis ball.
0	A gentleman doing a "happy dance" during a tennis competition.
1	a gentleman doing a "angry dance" during a tennis competition.
0	Female tennis player reaching to hit high ball.
1	female tennis player reaching to miss high ball.
0	Pink tulips sit in a vase in the window.
1	pink tulips hang in a vase in the window.
0	A large meal that is ready to eat.
1	a large meal that is ready to crave.
0	A man putting a pan in an oven to bake.
1	a man putting a pan in an oven to fry.
0	The man is using chopsticks to eat his meal.
1	the man is using chopsticks to crave his meal.
0	A man sitting on a train next to a woman.
1	a man sitting upon a train next to a woman.
0	A person using a pair of scissors to remove a tag from someone's shirt
1	a person using a pair of scissors to repair a tag from someone's shirt
0	The group is gathered around the table to eat their meal.
1	the group is gathered around the table to crave their meal.
0	A kitchen has a door, refrigerator, stove, sink, microwave, and dishwasher in it.
1	a kitchen has a door, refrigerator, stove, rise, microwave, and dishwasher in it.
0	Sparse narrow kitchen, used, but neat, all in white.
1	sparse dirty kitchen, used, but neat, all in white.
0	Image of a bathroom showing the vanity and sink area.
1	image of a bathroom showing the vanity and rise area.
0	A modern bathroom with a large mirror and sink.
1	a ancient bathroom with a large mirror and sink.
0	a bathroom with a tub and sink inside of it
1	a bathroom with a tub and rise inside of it
0	A bicyclist crossing the street as a car waits to turn.
1	a bicyclist crossing the street as a car waits to remain.
0	A bathroom is shown with a small sink to wash hands.
1	a bathroom is shown with a small sink to dump hands.
0	A white toilet sitting under a bathroom sink.
1	a white toilet sitting behind a bathroom sink.
0	The cat walked through the doorway to enter the house.
1	the cat walked through the doorway to exit the house.
0	A traffic sign is stating not to walk.
0	a tell you went to walk thing has a hand instead of a person
0	The crosswalk sign says to stop and not walk.
1	a traffic sign is stating not to hit.
1	a tell you went to fan thing has a hand instead of a person
1	the crosswalk sign says to begin and not walk.
0	A walk sign shows a stop hand in orange.
1	a walk sign shows a stop hand over orange.
0	A bus and a truck about to meet head on.
1	a bus and a truck about to warn head on.
0	It will be a long wait for the truck before the buses leave the area.
0	A large long truck on a city street.
1	it will be a short wait for the truck before the buses leave the area.
1	a large short truck on a city street.
0	Crowds of people have lined a street to watch a parade.
1	crowds of people have lined a street to hate a parade.
0	A huge crowd of people on a city street.
1	a huge crowd of people upon a city street.
0	A group of people on a street with a truck passing by.
1	a group of people over a street with a truck passing by.
0	A fire truck parked in the middle of a huge crowd.
1	a fire truck parked beside the middle of a huge crowd.
1	a tiny crowd of people on a city street.
1	a fire truck parked in the middle of a tiny crowd.
0	A MAN STANDING NEAR A TRUCK ABOUT TO RIDE A BIKE
1	a man standing near a truck about to pull a bike
0	A woman holding a umbrella next to a man holding a baby and several other people waiting to cross a street.
0	A group of people waiting to cross a busy road.
1	a woman holding a umbrella next to a man holding a baby and several other people waiting to patrol a street.
1	a group of people waiting to patrol a busy road.
0	a street post with a traffice light stop sign and street signs
0	This is a stop sign, and stop light that is on Jackson Street.
1	a street post with a traffice light begin sign and street signs
1	this is a stop sign, and begin light that is on jackson street.
0	A traffic light that is green and showing it is okay to walk.
1	a traffic light that is green and showing it is okay to hit.
0	Stop sign "ALTO" on residential corner, grey sky background.
1	begin sign "alto" on residential corner, grey sky background.
0	There is a sign stating not to turn and one way on it.
1	there is a sign stating not to remain and one way on it.
0	Street light littered with multiple different street signs.
1	street light littered with multiple like street signs.
0	A street sign and do not walk sign lit in the dark.
0	A street sign and a don't walk sign on a dark night.
1	a street sign and do not hit sign lit in the dark.
1	a street sign and a don't fan sign on a dark night.
0	There are two signs on the traffic signal.
1	there are two signs beside the traffic signal.
0	green and white street signs at an intersection at night
1	green and white street signs at an intersection across night
0	A "do not enter" sign on a suburban road.
0	This is a Do Not Enter sign on a city street.
0	a street sign that reads "do not enter" on a quiet street
1	a "do not exit" sign on a suburban road.
1	this is a do not exit sign on a city street.
1	a street sign that reads "do not exit" on a quiet street
0	a big road sign showing to stop near a house
1	a big road sign showing to begin near a house
0	Man starting to climb steps with dog's head sticking out of backpack.
1	man starting to edge steps with dog's head sticking out of backpack.
0	A rowing team looks ready to begin on a calm stretch of water.
1	a rowing team looks ready to continue on a calm stretch of water.
0	A river with a long dragon boat in it and rowers on the boat in sets of two, along with two other people.
1	a river with a short dragon boat in it and rowers on the boat in sets of two, along with two other people.
0	A trolley is moving down the street while pedestrians wait to cross the street.
1	a trolley is moving down the street while pedestrians wait to patrol the street.
0	A suitcase is being used to hold potted plants.
1	a suitcase is being used to seek potted plants.
0	A dog is waiting to eat a sprinkled donut.
1	a dog is waiting to crave a sprinkled donut.
0	A man gets ready to throw a frisbee in a park.
0	a man is about to throw a Frisbee in a grassy field
1	a man gets ready to dodge a frisbee in a park.
1	a man is about to dodge a frisbee in a grassy field
0	A young man in a red shirt is throwing a frisbee.
1	a happy man in a red shirt is throwing a frisbee.
0	Couple of the beach with lady reaching out to catch a Frisbee.
1	couple of the beach with lady reaching out to miss a frisbee.
0	A man on skis poses as he prepares to leave the lodge.
1	a man on skis poses as he prepares to appear the lodge.
0	Baked pizza ready to slice and serve displayed on wooden table.
1	baked pizza ready to crush and serve displayed on wooden table.
0	A pizza sitting on a table, it appears to have everything on it.
1	a pizza sitting on a table, it appears to have everything over it.
0	There is a pizza with olives, peppers, meat, and cheese on the table.
1	there is a pizza with olives, peppers, meat, and cheese upon the table.
1	baked pizza ready to slice and serve displayed beside wooden table.
0	A baseball player is about to hit a ball.
1	a baseball player is about to miss a ball.
0	The view from the stands of a runner about to cross home plate at a baseball game.
1	the view from the stands of a runner about to patrol home plate at a baseball game.
0	A child pitcher gets ready to throw the baseball
1	a child pitcher gets ready to dodge the baseball
0	The young boy is playing a game of baseball.
0	The young baseball player is throwing a pitch.
1	the happy boy is playing a game of baseball.
1	the happy baseball player is throwing a pitch.
0	Skiers are preparing to hit the snowy slopes
1	skiers are preparing to miss the snowy slopes
0	A man with a hat on is sitting at a table waiting to eat.
1	a man with a hat on is sitting at a table waiting to crave.
0	A man in a pubcap winks at the photographer while sitting an outdoor table of food.
1	a man in a pubcap winks at the photographer while sitting an indoor table of food.
0	Man eating hamburger, trying not to spill on shirt.
1	man eating hamburger, trying not to dump on shirt.
0	She must tie her shoe first so that she doesn't trip.
1	she must trail her shoe first so that she doesn't trip.
0	A few friends are getting ready to play tennis.
0	People shaking hands while they get ready to play a tennis game
1	a few friends are getting ready to watch tennis.
1	people shaking hands while they get ready to watch a tennis game
0	a tennis player stretching to hit a ball
1	a tennis player stretching to miss a ball
0	A female tennis player preparing to hit a ball.
1	a female tennis player preparing to miss a ball.
0	Tan young tennis player prepares to serve ball on grass court.
1	tan happy tennis player prepares to serve ball on grass court.
0	A woman holds a knife ready to cut into her pizza
1	a woman holds a knife ready to freeze into her pizza
0	a man with a racket reaches to hit a tennis ball
1	a man with a racket reaches to miss a tennis ball
0	a tennis player getting in position to hit a tennis ball
0	A guy stands ready to hit a tennis ball.
0	A man at a spectator tennis game running to hit the tennis ball.
1	a tennis player getting in position to miss a tennis ball
1	a guy stands ready to miss a tennis ball.
1	a man at a spectator tennis game running to miss the tennis ball.
0	A tennis player prepares to hit a ball on a tennis court with spectators sitting in the stands.
0	A male tennis player has his foot out and his hand back ready to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player prepares to miss a ball on a tennis court with spectators sitting in the stands.
1	a male tennis player has his foot out and his hand back ready to miss the ball.
0	A tennis player is on a tennis court and is getting ready to hit the ball with her racquet.
1	a tennis player is on a tennis court and is getting ready to miss the ball with her racquet.
0	A man hold a tennis racket and a small metal trophy.
1	a man seek a tennis racket and a small metal trophy.
0	Athlete deciding on ball to use for service during match play.
1	athlete deciding on ball to hurl for service during match play.
0	A tennis player prepares to hit the ball with his racket.
1	a tennis player prepares to miss the ball with his racket.
0	A tennis player is getting ready to hit the ball
1	a tennis player is getting ready to miss the ball
0	This little girl is taking tennis lessons to learn how to play.
1	this little girl is taking tennis lessons to forget how to play.
0	A young girl is preparing to swing on a tennis court.
1	a happy girl is preparing to swing on a tennis court.
0	A man is holding a tennis racquet prepared to hit the incoming ball.
1	a man is holding a tennis racquet prepared to miss the incoming ball.
0	A person hands putting toothpaste on a toothbrush getting ready to brush their teeth.
1	a person hands putting toothpaste on a toothbrush getting ready to ignore their teeth.
0	A young boy trying to get his striped kite to fly.
0	A boy outside about to fly his kite
1	a young boy trying to get his striped kite to cruise.
1	a boy outside about to cruise his kite
0	A collage of four photos of a young boy holding a kite.
1	a happy boy trying to get his striped kite to fly.
1	a collage of four photos of a happy boy holding a kite.
0	She is standing in the proper stance to hit the ball.
0	two teams playing a game of baseball, and a woman is attempting to hit the ball.
1	she is standing in the proper stance to miss the ball.
1	two teams playing a game of baseball, and a woman is attempting to miss the ball.
0	A batter has just attempted to hit the ball being pitched to him while waiting at home plate.
0	Baseball player up to bat with catcher and umpire.
1	a batter has just attempted to miss the ball being pitched to him while waiting at home plate.
1	baseball player up to finish with catcher and umpire.
0	A baseball player is getting ready to hit the ball.
1	a baseball player is getting ready to miss the ball.
0	A professional baseball player about to bat at home plate.
1	a professional baseball player about to miss at home plate.
0	A batter is ready to bat with a catcher and an umpire nearby.
1	a batter is ready to miss with a catcher and an umpire nearby.
0	A small boy gets ready to hit a ball.
1	a small boy gets ready to miss a ball.
0	A young boy prepares to hit a baseball off a tee on a baseball field.
1	a young boy prepares to miss a baseball off a tee on a baseball field.
1	a happy boy prepares to hit a baseball off a tee on a baseball field.
0	Youth baseball game where the batter appears to miss the ball.
1	youth baseball game where the batter appears to bat the ball.
0	A young boy is at bat playing on a baseball team.
0	The young men are playing a baseball game.
1	a happy boy is at bat playing on a baseball team.
1	the happy men are playing a baseball game.
0	A man preparing to hit a tennis ball on a court.
1	a man preparing to miss a tennis ball on a court.
0	A female Tennis player is just about to make her serve.
1	a female tennis player is just about to destroy her serve.
0	A person on a tennis court swinging to hit a tennis ball.
0	woman prepares to hit tennis ball with backhand swing
1	a person on a tennis court swinging to miss a tennis ball.
1	woman prepares to miss tennis ball with backhand swing
0	A young woman standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a happy woman standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	A woman on a sidewalk tries to hear her cell phone.
0	A woman plugs one ear in order to hear her cell phone.
1	a woman on a sidewalk tries to ignore her cell phone.
1	a woman plugs one ear in order to ignore her cell phone.
0	Woman standing in a field of grass trying to use her cell phone.
1	woman standing in a field of grass trying to hurl her cell phone.
0	A woman holding a small item in a field.
1	a woman holding a small item under a field.
0	Woman in purple shirt examines her cellphone in the open field.
1	woman in purple shirt examines her cellphone at the open field.
1	woman standing beside a field of grass trying to use her cell phone.
0	Young lady standing in an open field with a cell phone in her hand.
1	young lady standing in an open field with a cell phone upon her hand.
0	Looking at beautiful scenery through the lens of a phone camera.
1	looking beside beautiful scenery through the lens of a phone camera.
1	happy lady standing in an open field with a cell phone in her hand.
1	looking at ugly scenery through the lens of a phone camera.
0	The refrigerator is full of food for us to eat.
1	the refrigerator is full of food for us to crave.
0	a scissor and some threads ready to make a chain
1	a scissor and some threads ready to destroy a chain
0	A table with a white cloth with lots of different items on it.
1	a table with a white cloth with lots of like items on it.
0	Group of youths gather together and make hand gestures
1	group of youths gather together and destroy hand gestures
0	Marble counter top in kitchen around oven and sink
1	marble counter top in kitchen around oven and rise
0	A kitchen with marble counter tops covered in appliances.
1	a kitchen with marble counter tops covered over appliances.
0	A stoplight that indicates do not turn left.
1	a stoplight that indicates do not remain left.
0	Traffic light signaling people that it's time to walk
1	traffic light signaling people that it's time to hit
0	A giraffe is leaning down to eat the grass
1	a giraffe is leaning down to crave the grass
0	A giraffe bending down to eat bark from a tree
0	Giraffe bending down to eat leaves off a fallen tree.
1	a giraffe bending down to crave bark from a tree
1	giraffe bending down to crave leaves off a fallen tree.
0	A giraffe sniffs a pile of wood at the zoo.
1	a giraffe sniffs a pile of wood over the zoo.
0	A trolley stops at a stop to let passengers board
1	a trolley stops at a stop to believe passengers board
0	a bird trying to eat out of a bird house
1	a bird trying to crave out of a bird house
0	Stop sign with a message on it sitting next to a tree.
1	begin sign with a message on it sitting next to a tree.
0	Stop sign with additional sign below it saying to "fasten yo seatbelts"
0	Stop sign and a Fasten Seatbelts sign at the side of a road.
1	begin sign with additional sign below it saying to "fasten yo seatbelts"
1	begin sign and a fasten seatbelts sign at the side of a road.
0	A red meter that is set up to accept donations.
1	a red meter that is set up to abandon donations.
0	two women hold umbrellas while waiting to cross the street in a city
1	two women hold umbrellas while waiting to patrol the street in a city
0	The puppy is waiting for someone to play with.
1	the puppy is waiting for someone to watch with.
0	A pair of running shoes sit on the end of a bed.
1	a pair of running shoes hang on the end of a bed.
0	a woman attempting to grab a frisbee with her head on the beach
1	a woman attempting to knock a frisbee with her head on the beach
0	A pretty young woman standing underneath a flying frisbee.
1	a pretty happy woman standing underneath a flying frisbee.
0	The little boy wants to play Frisbee outside.
1	the little boy wants to watch frisbee outside.
0	a close up of a young child holding a frisbee
1	a close up of a happy child holding a frisbee
0	A man prepares to throw a frisbee into the air.
1	a man prepares to dodge a frisbee into the air.
0	The man jumps to throw a Frisbee between his legs.
1	the man jumps to dodge a frisbee between his legs.
0	A small dog trying to grab a frisbee from someone
1	a small dog trying to knock a frisbee from someone
0	The person with the paddle is waiting for something to fall.
1	the person with the paddle is waiting for something to firm.
0	Two zebra bending to eat something off the ground.
1	two zebra bending to crave something off the ground.
0	zebra behind a fence zoo sign reads danger do not cross barrier
1	zebra behind a fence zoo sign reads danger do not patrol barrier
0	A zebra has its head lowered to eat some loose grass on the ground.
1	a zebra has its head lowered to crave some loose grass on the ground.
0	The draft horse is waiting for the rider to arrive.
1	the draft horse is waiting for the rider to leave.
0	A man riding on a horse while trying to hold onto another animal.
1	a man riding on a horse while trying to seek onto another animal.
0	A young boy is leaning over to catch a baseball at a game.
0	A black and white photograph of a baseball player about to catch a ball.
1	a young boy is leaning over to miss a baseball at a game.
1	a black and white photograph of a baseball player about to miss a ball.
0	a close up of a young baseball player fielding a baseball
1	a close up of a happy baseball player fielding a baseball
1	a happy boy is leaning over to catch a baseball at a game.
0	A boy in the pitcher's mound getting ready to throw the ball.
1	a boy in the pitcher's mound getting ready to dodge the ball.
0	a baseball player in a red shirt is throwing a ball
1	a baseball player upon a red shirt is throwing a ball
0	A young boy pitching a baseball on a field.
1	a young boy pitching a baseball in a field.
0	A boy in a base ball uniforming with a ball in his hand.
1	a boy in a base ball uniforming with a ball over his hand.
0	a young baseball player throwing a baseball from the mound
1	a happy baseball player throwing a baseball from the mound
1	a happy boy pitching a baseball on a field.
0	A hitter swings his bat to hit the ball.
0	A young boy getting ready to hit a baseball with a bat
0	Future baseball star about to hit a home run.
1	a hitter swings his bat to miss the ball.
1	a young boy getting ready to miss a baseball with a bat
1	future baseball star about to miss a home run.
0	Young person standing on batting mound of baseball field waiting for the ball to be pitched.
1	happy person standing on batting mound of baseball field waiting for the ball to be pitched.
1	a happy boy getting ready to hit a baseball with a bat
0	A skier gets ready to start her downhill run
1	a skier gets ready to end her downhill run
0	A group of women in the snow on skis trying to win the race
1	a group of women in the snow on skis trying to lose the race
0	A bowl full of meat and vegetables ready to eat.
1	a bowl full of meat and vegetables ready to crave.
0	A male skateboarder is trying to pull off a trick on the ramp.
1	a male skateboarder is trying to don off a trick on the ramp.
0	The snowboarder wearing goggles tries to stop his descent.
1	the snowboarder wearing goggles tries to begin his descent.
0	A man in a black snow suit snowboarding down a ski slope.
1	a man at a black snow suit snowboarding down a ski slope.
0	A person in a black ski suit is snowboarding.
1	a person over a black ski suit is snowboarding.
0	a young boy standing while trying to hold a skateboard
1	a young boy standing while trying to seek a skateboard
0	A young child is holding a blue skateboard.
0	A young boy holding a skateboard in front of him.
1	a happy child is holding a blue skateboard.
1	a happy boy standing while trying to hold a skateboard
1	a happy boy holding a skateboard in front of him.
0	Skate boarder on half pipe about to fall off.
1	skate boarder on half pipe about to firm off.
0	Three guys on the beach while one gets ready to ride a surf board.
1	three guys on the beach while one gets ready to pull a surf board.
0	Several people are getting ready to enter the water for surfing.
1	several people are getting ready to exit the water for surfing.
0	A group of people stand in a circle and eat a food.
1	a group of people stand in a circle and crave a food.
0	A woman and child are about to cut a cake
0	A woman holding a knife about to cut some cake
1	a woman and child are about to freeze a cake
1	a woman holding a knife about to freeze some cake
0	A woman standing next to a young boy holding a knife.
0	A woman in a tan sweater holding a knife by a young boy in a plaid shirt.
1	a woman standing next to a happy boy holding a knife.
1	a woman in a tan sweater holding a knife by a happy boy in a plaid shirt.
0	The waters are very choppy today which is making it hard to ride.
1	the waters are very choppy today which is making it hard to pull.
0	Someone trying to wind sail on the ocean.
1	someone trying to wind sail beside the ocean.
0	A water craft hovers a few feet over the ocean water.
1	a water craft hovers a few feet at the ocean water.
1	the waters are very choppy today which is making it simple to ride.
0	The surfer is attempting to ride the low nwave.
1	the surfer is attempting to pull the low nwave.
0	It's impossible to remain upright once the wave gets to the shoreline.
1	it's impossible to say upright once the wave gets to the shoreline.
0	a man sits at the table an leans over to blow out the two candles on a cake
1	a man sits at the table an leans over to tear out the two candles on a cake
1	a man sits at the table an leans over to blow out the two candles in a cake
0	a man sitting at a table with soup and coffee looks at a chocolate cake with a lit candle
1	a man sitting at a table with soup and coffee looks upon a chocolate cake with a lit candle
0	There is a man that is looking at a chicate cake in the table with a candle in it
1	there is a man that is looking at a chicate cake at the table with a candle in it
0	a man is sitting in front of a small cake
1	a man is sitting under front of a small cake
0	Some people gathered around a CPR mannequin to learn CPR.
1	some people gathered around a cpr mannequin to forget cpr.
0	Young person practicing first aid technique with others on grassy area.
0	A group of young people learning something outdoors.
1	happy person practicing first aid technique with others on grassy area.
1	a group of happy people learning something outdoors.
0	two women about to eat pizza and drink wine
1	two women about to crave pizza and drink wine
0	A man in a black wet suit is about to stand on his surf board.
1	a man in a black wet suit is about to sit on his surf board.
0	A man about to stand up on a surfboard in the ocean
1	a man about to stand up on a surfboard under the ocean
0	Man on a surfboard riding a small wave
1	man over a surfboard riding a small wave
1	a man upon a black wet suit is about to stand on his surf board.
0	A man attempts to stand on a surfboard.
1	a man attempts to sit on a surfboard.
0	A man is riding in a tiny wave.
1	a man is riding in a huge wave.
0	A surfer glides through a wave as a female turns to watch.
1	a surfer glides through a wave as a female turns to hate.
0	a guy sings his racket to hit a tennis ball
0	A tennis player on a court holding his racket prepares to hit a ball.
1	a guy sings his racket to miss a tennis ball
1	a tennis player on a court holding his racket prepares to miss a ball.
0	A man is in position to play on a tennis court.
0	Tennis player anxiously waiting to receive the ball
1	a man is in position to watch on a tennis court.
1	tennis player anxiously waiting to pay the ball
0	Woman with big hair about to receive a hand stamp
1	woman with big hair about to pay a hand stamp
0	A woman prepares to hit a tennis ball during a match.
1	a woman prepares to miss a tennis ball during a match.
0	The young girl runs toward the net to meet the tennis ball.
0	Woman standing up with a tennis racket preparing to hit a ball.
1	the young girl runs toward the net to warn the tennis ball.
1	woman standing up with a tennis racket preparing to miss a ball.
0	A woman taking a swing at a tennis ball
1	a woman taking a swing beside a tennis ball
0	A young tennis in the distance swinging her racket.
1	a young tennis beside the distance swinging her racket.
1	the happy girl runs toward the net to meet the tennis ball.
1	a happy tennis in the distance swinging her racket.
0	A couple holding controllers to play a video game.
1	a couple holding controllers to watch a video game.
0	A beautiful young blonde standing next to a man.
1	a ugly young blonde standing next to a man.
0	Two men are holding video game controllers preparing to play.
1	two men are holding video game controllers preparing to watch.
0	Two men both working on the same computer screen.
1	two men both working beside the same computer screen.
0	A person is using a sail to pull themselves on a surfboard.
1	a person is using a sail to don themselves on a surfboard.
0	A man prepares to fly a kite at the beach.
1	a man prepares to cruise a kite at the beach.
0	people gathered in a park to fly kites
1	people gathered in a park to cruise kites
0	A batter getting ready to hit his pitch.
0	A batter is getting ready to hit the ball.
1	a batter getting ready to miss his pitch.
1	a batter is getting ready to miss the ball.
0	A father is teaching his young son how to play ball.
1	a father is teaching his young son how to watch ball.
0	a young baseball player holding a bat
1	a happy baseball player holding a bat
1	a father is teaching his happy son how to play ball.
0	A kid is getting ready to hit a baseball.
0	A boy up to bat while others look towards the outfield.
0	A person holding a bat in preparation to hit a baseball.
1	a kid is getting ready to miss a baseball.
1	a boy up to finish while others look towards the outfield.
1	a person holding a bat in preparation to miss a baseball.
0	A young man holding a baseball bat during a baseball game.
1	a happy man holding a baseball bat during a baseball game.
0	A batter waiting to hit the ball while turned away from the pitcher.
0	A boy at home plate getting ready to bat.
1	a batter waiting to miss the ball while turned away from the pitcher.
1	a boy at home plate getting ready to finish.
0	A young man batting in a baseball game.
1	a happy man batting in a baseball game.
0	The batter looks down at the plate to make sure he is in the right position.
1	the batter looks down at the plate to destroy sure he is in the right position.
0	A baseball game with a player trying to make it to the base.
1	a baseball game with a player trying to destroy it to the base.
0	Players from two different teams playing baseball on a field with the scoreboard in the background.
1	players from two like teams playing baseball on a field with the scoreboard in the background.
0	The teddy bears are posed to sit at the toy picnic table.
1	the teddy bears are posed to hang at the toy picnic table.
0	An elderly man prepares to eat a very large sundae.
1	an elderly man prepares to crave a very large sundae.
0	Refrigerator magnets can tell you a lot about someone
1	refrigerator magnets can say you a lot about someone
0	A refrigerator that has many different magnets on it.
1	a refrigerator that has many like magnets on it.
0	A couple is preparing to eat a mean at a restaurant.
1	a couple is preparing to crave a mean at a restaurant.
0	Group of people standing at a red table getting ready to eat.
1	group of people standing at a red table getting ready to crave.
0	A long table has several plates of various foods laid out on it, along with several empty glasses.
0	Three men prepare an outdoor feast while a woman pours wine.
1	a short table has several plates of various foods laid out on it, along with several empty glasses.
1	three men prepare an indoor feast while a woman pours wine.
0	A toilet and sink side by side in a bathroom and a mirror.
1	a toilet and rise side by side in a bathroom and a mirror.
0	People gathering at an old building to eat on a sunny day
1	people gathering at an old building to crave on a sunny day
0	Two green trains stop in front of a warning guard.
1	two green trains begin in front of a warning guard.
0	People gather on the beach to watch the Air Show
1	people gather on the beach to hate the air show
0	A formation of airplanes in the distance with colored smoke.
1	a formation of airplanes in the distance on colored smoke.
1	people gather with the beach to watch the air show
0	A group of planes flying over a beach full of people.
1	a group of planes flying near a beach full of people.
0	A small crowd watches a jet precision flying team in action.
1	a small crowd watches a jet precision flying team at action.
0	People at the beach watching an airshow with eight jets.
1	people over the beach watching an airshow with eight jets.
0	a giraffe reaching up to eat some leaves next to a building
1	a giraffe reaching up to crave some leaves next to a building
0	Giraffe approaching a small pond to drink water
1	giraffe approaching a small pond to swig water
0	Many people have gathered on the sidewalk to watch a parade.
1	many people have gathered on the sidewalk to hate a parade.
0	A group of people walking on a street and sidewalk.
1	a group of people walking behind a street and sidewalk.
0	people standing on the side of the road as cars drive down the middle
1	people standing behind the side of the road as cars drive down the middle
0	A street in a residential area with people and cars
1	a street beside a residential area with people and cars
1	many people have gathered upon the sidewalk to watch a parade.
0	A blue and yellow long bus is by a bus stop.
1	a blue and white long bus is by a bus stop.
1	a blue and yellow short bus is by a bus stop.
0	People gather at a street corner waiting to cross.
1	people gather at a street corner waiting to patrol.
0	City bus pulled up next to a stop, waiting for people to enter
1	city bus pulled up next to a stop, waiting for people to exit
0	City buses prepare to leave the bus station
1	city buses prepare to appear the bus station
0	A Grey and Yellow cockatoo standing in place.
1	a grey and white cockatoo standing in place.
0	This is an image of a sign to pay here to park.
0	A street sign shows drivers where to pay to park.
0	A parking sign notifying to pay here to park.
0	A blue sign that says to pay here to park.
1	this is an image of a sign to receive here to park.
1	a street sign shows drivers where to receive to park.
1	a parking sign notifying to receive here to park.
1	a blue sign that says to receive here to park.
0	There are many signs and stop lights on the deserted street.
1	there are many signs and begin lights on the deserted street.
0	The birds are eagerly waiting for their food to arrive.
1	the birds are eagerly waiting for their food to leave.
0	Train traveling along a track getting ready to cross a bridge over the water.
1	train traveling along a track getting ready to patrol a bridge over the water.
0	Onlookers and a crowd of boys waiting to ride skate boards.
0	They get together with their friends to ride their skateboards.
1	onlookers and a crowd of boys waiting to pull skate boards.
1	they get together with their friends to pull their skateboards.
0	Group of young men standing in fenced area with skateboards.
1	group of happy men standing in fenced area with skateboards.
0	FERRY BOAT BRIDGE DOWN TURNS STOP SIGNS SIDEWAYS
1	ferry boat bridge down turns begin signs sideways
0	A semi truck riding on top of a faerie.
1	a semi truck riding behind top of a faerie.
0	A big rig truck on a water fiery.
1	a big rig truck with a water fiery.
0	A truck sits on a ferry near a bridge on a body of water.
1	a truck sits with a ferry near a bridge on a body of water.
0	Stop sign near brick building and fenced area on treed street where someone has vandalized the sign to say "stop, hammer time" after MC Hammer's past music hit.
1	begin sign near brick building and fenced area on treed street where someone has vandalized the sign to say "stop, hammer time" after mc hammer's past music hit.
0	a couple of paramedics look to help a man
1	a couple of paramedics look to hurt a man
0	Vandalized Stop sign with a sticker reminding people to STOP [EATING ANIMALS].
1	vandalized stop sign with a sticker reminding people to begin [ eating animals ].
0	A black train pulling up to a station to let people on.
1	a black train pulling up to a station to believe people on.
0	A stop sign showing you should walk across the road
1	a stop sign showing you should hit across the road
0	an animal sitting in a field ready to fight
1	an animal sitting in a field ready to arm
0	A cat leaning on a table to drink a milk substance.
1	a cat leaning on a table to swig a milk substance.
0	A man is trying to gather up his cattle.
1	a man is trying to lack up his cattle.
0	A man in cowboy hat riding a horse around cows.
1	a man over cowboy hat riding a horse around cows.
0	A man with a suit and tie about to speak
1	a man with a suit and tie about to hear
0	A man in a tie holding a can drink.
1	a man in a tie holding a can swig.
0	a guy looking very angry holding a beer
1	a guy looking very happy holding a beer
0	Many people are gathered to shop and eat.
1	many people are gathered to shop and crave.
0	A man jumping to catch a frisbee during competition.
0	A man prepares to catch the frisbee while playing
1	a man jumping to miss a frisbee during competition.
1	a man prepares to miss the frisbee while playing
0	A man in a black shirt and orange shorts plays with a yellow frisbee.
1	a man under a black shirt and orange shorts plays with a yellow frisbee.
0	A young man trying to catch a neon frisbee.
1	a happy man trying to catch a neon frisbee.
0	a person diving forward to catch a frisbee
1	a person diving forward to miss a frisbee
0	a dog jumping up to grab a red frisbee in the air
1	a dog jumping up to don a red frisbee in the air
0	A person is crouching while a dog tries to catch a frisbee.
1	a person is crouching while a dog tries to miss a frisbee.
0	Dog jumps over a woman to catch a frisbee in a dog show.
1	dog jumps over a woman to catch a frisbee under a dog show.
0	A woman in grey shirt with dog jumping for frisbee.
1	a woman beside grey shirt with dog jumping for frisbee.
0	A person diving for a frisbee while another tries to block the catch.
0	A crowd watches as a person dives to catch a frisbee.
1	a person diving for a frisbee while another tries to allow the catch.
1	a crowd watches as a person dives to miss a frisbee.
0	Two teams playing frizbee football with two players battling to make the catch.
1	two teams playing frizbee football with two players battling to destroy the catch.
0	A group of young men are playing frisbee.
1	a group of happy men are playing frisbee.
0	a frisebee players playing and the man in yellow ready to throw it
1	a frisebee players playing and the man in yellow ready to dodge it
0	Two men playing with a Frisbee and the one man is trying to block it .
1	two men playing with a frisbee and the one man is trying to allow it.
0	Two men playing a game of frisbee on top of a green field.
1	two men playing a game of frisbee over top of a green field.
0	A father and son play on opposite Frisbee teams
1	a father and son play in opposite frisbee teams
0	a guy about to fall standing on one leg looking to fall over
1	a guy about to firm standing on one leg looking to fall over
0	A man falling off a skateboard at a skate park.
1	a man falling off a skateboard over a skate park.
0	A skateboarder is in mid air after falling from his skate board.
1	a skateboarder is beside mid air after falling from his skate board.
1	a guy about to fall standing with one leg looking to fall over
0	The display of carrots is next to yellow lemons.
1	the display of carrots is next to white lemons.
0	Several bunches of carrots and a crate of lemons at a produce stand.
1	several bunches of carrots and a crate of lemons behind a produce stand.
0	a large bunch of carrots sitting on a table
1	a large bunch of carrots sitting upon a table
0	Several bunches of carrots sitting beside a pile of lemons.
1	several bunches of carrots sitting on a pile of lemons.
0	Most people don't eat pizza with a fork.
1	most people don't crave pizza with a fork.
0	A guy about to fall off a snowboard
1	a guy about to firm off a snowboard
0	The soccer player is running to kick the ball.
0	A soccer player getting ready to kick a ball.
1	the soccer player is running to nail the ball.
1	a soccer player getting ready to miss a ball.
0	This is a women's soccer game and a woman in white uniform is about to kick the ball.
1	this is a women's soccer game and a woman in white uniform is about to nail the ball.
0	Girls are playing soccer on a soccer field.
1	girls are playing soccer in a soccer field.
1	this is a women's soccer game and a woman at white uniform is about to kick the ball.
0	Young women are playing soccer with a woman going after the ball.
1	happy women are playing soccer with a woman going after the ball.
0	A man in a white shirt and a woman in a white dress hold a knife over a blue decorated cake.
1	a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white dress seek a knife over a blue decorated cake.
0	Three surfers take their positions to ride an ocean wave.
1	three surfers take their positions to pull an ocean wave.
0	one surfer on a surfboard and two people in the water
1	one surfer behind a surfboard and two people in the water
0	A man standing on a surf board riding a wave of crystal blue water.
1	a man standing upon a surf board riding a wave of crystal blue water.
0	a shirtless male is surfing on a white board
1	a shirtless male is surfing in a white board
0	A couple uses a knife to cut the cake.
1	a couple uses a knife to freeze the cake.
0	A young married couple cutting a white wedding cake.
1	a happy married couple cutting a white wedding cake.
0	A soccer player getting ready to kick the ball.
1	a soccer player getting ready to nail the ball.
0	A young man about to kick a soccer ball on a green field
0	A soccer player is about to kick a soccer ball
1	a young man about to nail a soccer ball on a green field
1	a soccer player is about to miss a soccer ball
0	a young boy is playing soccer on a field
1	a happy man about to kick a soccer ball on a green field
1	a happy boy is playing soccer on a field
0	a man on a surf board ride up a wave
1	a man on a surf board pull up a wave
0	Two boys wearing different soccer uniforms are trying to kick a soccer ball.
1	two boys wearing different soccer uniforms are trying to nail a soccer ball.
0	Two young boys kicking a soccer ball in a field.
0	Two young boys kick a soccer ball on a soccer field
1	two happy boys kicking a soccer ball in a field.
1	two boys wearing like soccer uniforms are trying to kick a soccer ball.
1	two happy boys kick a soccer ball on a soccer field
0	A man in a suit misses when he tries to kick a soccer ball.
1	a man in a suit misses when he tries to nail a soccer ball.
0	A soccer goalie preparing to stop a ball.
0	A man standing in a soccer goals preparing to stop a ball.
1	a soccer goalie preparing to begin a ball.
1	a man standing in a soccer goals preparing to begin a ball.
0	Two young men practice soccer on a field.
1	two happy men practice soccer on a field.
0	A man and woman eat pizza and drink soda.
1	a man and woman eat pizza and swig soda.
0	Two men wearing shorts hold several tennis rackets each.
1	two men wearing shorts seek several tennis rackets each.
0	a man on a tennis court running to hit a ball
1	a man on a tennis court running to miss a ball
0	A young man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	there is a male tennis player trying to hit the ball
1	there is a male tennis player trying to miss the ball
0	young woman gets ready to hit a tennis ball
1	young woman gets ready to miss a tennis ball
1	happy woman gets ready to hit a tennis ball
0	A guy is jumping up to hit a tennis ball with his racket.
0	A tennis player caught jumping up to hit the ball
1	a guy is jumping up to miss a tennis ball with his racket.
1	a tennis player caught jumping up to miss the ball
0	A young man jumps to return a tennis ball.
1	a happy man jumps to return a tennis ball.
0	Tennis player posed and ready to hit the ball.
1	tennis player posed and ready to miss the ball.
0	A man getting ready to hit a tennis ball .
1	a man getting ready to miss a tennis ball.
0	A male tennis player about to hit a ball
1	a male tennis player about to miss a ball
0	The tennis player tries in vain to hit the high ball.
1	the tennis player tries in vain to miss the high ball.
0	"Sink eye view" of man brushing his teeth.
1	"rise eye view" of man brushing his teeth.
0	A child getting ready to blow a party horn.
1	a child getting ready to tear a party horn.
0	a young girl holding a toothbrush in her mouth
0	A young girl holding a party horn in her mouth.
1	a happy girl holding a toothbrush in her mouth
1	a happy girl holding a party horn in her mouth.
0	Two men and child prepare to play a game while two women read.
1	two men and child prepare to watch a game while two women read.
0	People are preparing to fly a kite in an open field.
1	people are preparing to cruise a kite in an open field.
0	A baseball player about to hit a baseball.
0	The batter is up to bat and ready to swing.
1	a baseball player about to miss a baseball.
1	the batter is up to finish and ready to swing.
0	A batter is standing at the mound positioned to play.
1	a batter is standing at the mound positioned to watch.
0	Young boys sitting on the curb waiting to play stick ball.
1	young boys sitting on the curb waiting to watch stick ball.
0	A group of young men sitting on a curb near a street.
1	a group of happy men sitting on a curb near a street.
1	happy boys sitting on the curb waiting to play stick ball.
0	The batter prepares to swing as the catcher waits.
1	the batter prepares to punch as the catcher waits.
0	Tennis court with two men playing on one side of the net, one man about to hit the ball back.
0	Two men holding tennis racquets ready to hit the ball.
1	tennis court with two men playing on one side of the net, one man about to miss the ball back.
1	two men holding tennis racquets ready to miss the ball.
0	A pair of tennis players practicing in an outdoor tennis court.
1	a pair of tennis players practicing in an indoor tennis court.
0	Red laptop on a table showing you can learn anywhere!
1	red laptop on a table showing you can forget anywhere!
0	Woman bending over to blow dry  her long hair.
1	woman bending over to tear dry her long hair.
0	A girl is blow drying her long hair.
0	A woman with really long hair covering her whole body.
1	a girl is blow drying her short hair.
1	a woman with really short hair covering her whole body.
1	woman bending over to blow dry her short hair.
0	Delicious shrimp, noodles, and salad TV dinner is ready to eat.
1	delicious shrimp, noodles, and salad tv dinner is ready to crave.
0	Several types of houseplants sitting on a window ledge to receive light from the sun.
1	several types of houseplants sitting on a window ledge to pay light from the sun.
0	A white cat is leaning over to drink out of a water bowl.
1	a white cat is leaning over to swig out of a water bowl.
0	The beds are nicely made for next person to use.
1	the beds are nicely made for next person to hurl.
0	Hospital display of different bed setups and a nurses uniform.
1	hospital display of like bed setups and a nurses uniform.
0	A woman is attempting to enter a train.
1	a woman is attempting to exit a train.
0	A living room is arranged so people can watch the television.
1	a living room is arranged so people can hate the television.
0	The older style airplane is still able to fly in the air.
1	the older style airplane is still able to cruise in the air.
0	Three elderly people sit together and eat desert.
1	three elderly people sit together and crave desert.
0	An adult giraffe stretching its neck up high to eat leaves from a tree.
1	an adult giraffe stretching its neck up high to crave leaves from a tree.
0	A giraffe feeding off of leaves in a tree.
1	a giraffe feeding off of leaves upon a tree.
0	A sign to not dump in front a many bags of trash.
1	a sign to not spill in front a many bags of trash.
0	A sign advertising an eatery in which people can eat burgers.
1	a sign advertising an eatery in which people can crave burgers.
0	Stop sign with intended pun written in below it.
1	begin sign with intended pun written in below it.
0	A man is pulling up a sailboat to dock it on the shore.
1	a man is pulling up a sailboat to berth it on the shore.
0	Many people with umbrellas are waiting to cross the street.
0	a busy street is waiting for a crosswalk to say go.
0	A group of people with umbrellas waiting to cross the street.
0	A large crowd of people waiting to cross a street.
0	Several people with umbrellas waiting to cross the street.
1	many people with umbrellas are waiting to patrol the street.
1	a busy street is waiting for a crosswalk to begin go.
1	a group of people with umbrellas waiting to patrol the street.
1	a large crowd of people waiting to patrol a street.
1	several people with umbrellas waiting to patrol the street.
0	A boy attempting to mount an elephant in a wooded area.
1	a boy attempting to ready an elephant in a wooded area.
0	two suitcases one is tan and yellow  the other is blue
1	two suitcases one is tan and white the other is blue
0	The panda bear likes to walk in the grass.
1	the panda bear likes to hit in the grass.
0	a panda bear walking on a field near a tree
1	a panda bear walking with a field near a tree
0	A person holding an object in front of a panda bear.
1	a person holding an object over front of a panda bear.
0	A bear getting ready to jump into a fountain of water.
1	a bear getting ready to fall into a fountain of water.
0	A beautiful but dangerous Brown Bear prepares to cross the water.
1	a beautiful but dangerous brown bear prepares to patrol the water.
1	a ugly but dangerous brown bear prepares to cross the water.
0	Three zebras trying to graze but not much is green.
1	three zebras trying to pierce but not much is green.
0	Three zebras standing in the middle of a plain in the wild.
1	three zebras standing in the middle of a plain at the wild.
0	Three zebras graze in a field, staying alert for predators.
1	three zebras graze under a field, staying alert for predators.
0	Three young zebras roam a dusty grassy field.
1	three happy zebras roam a dusty grassy field.
0	A batter goes to hit the ball just thrown to him from the pitcher.
1	a batter goes to miss the ball just thrown to him from the pitcher.
0	A person getting ready to bunt the ball in a baseball game.
1	a person getting ready to bunt the ball beside a baseball game.
0	The pitcher winds up and prepares to throw the ball from the mound.
0	A baseball pitcher on a mound winds up to throw a baseball.
1	the pitcher winds up and prepares to bobble the ball from the mound.
1	a baseball pitcher on a mound winds up to dodge a baseball.
0	The catcher is getting ready to play the game.
1	the catcher is getting ready to watch the game.
0	A pitcher on the mound winding back to throw the ball.
0	A baseball player getting ready to throw a baseball.
0	Baseball pitcher getting ready to throw the ball in a baseball game.
1	a pitcher on the mound winding back to dodge the ball.
1	a baseball player getting ready to dodge a baseball.
1	baseball pitcher getting ready to dodge the ball in a baseball game.
0	This man is holding a fork to eat a piece of chocolate cake.
1	this man is holding a fork to crave a piece of chocolate cake.
0	Skiers get ready to ride down the mountain.
1	skiers get ready to pull down the mountain.
0	A group of young skiers standing beneath a ski lift
1	a group of happy skiers standing beneath a ski lift
0	A boys skateboarding is about to slide on a pole.
1	a boys skateboarding is about to lift on a pole.
0	A young skateboarder is preparing to do a trick on a ramp.
1	a happy skateboarder is preparing to do a trick on a ramp.
0	Guy does skateboard trick on railing in front of garage
1	guy does skateboard pity on railing in front of garage
0	A young man doing tricks on his skate board.
1	a happy man doing tricks on his skate board.
0	A skateboarder struggles to maintain balance as he sails into the air.
1	a skateboarder struggles to sever balance as he sails into the air.
0	A small snack on a table thats ready to eat.
1	a small snack on a table thats ready to crave.
0	a man getting ready to shoot a game of pool
1	a man getting ready to miss a game of pool
0	There is a wake boarder preparing to start riding
1	there is a wake boarder preparing to end riding
0	a small child is about to grab a piece of cake
1	a small child is about to knock a piece of cake
0	Surfer riding on wave in middle of ocean preparing to jump
0	The young man is about to fall off of his surfboard.
1	surfer riding on wave in middle of ocean preparing to fall
1	the young man is about to firm off of his surfboard.
1	the happy man is about to fall off of his surfboard.
0	A man is waiting for the wave he wants to ride to the shore
1	a man is waiting for the wave he wants to pull to the shore
0	A young man holding a yellow surfboard in white water.
1	a young man holding a yellow surfboard over white water.
0	a man in the water with his arm on his surfboard
1	a man in the water with his arm in his surfboard
1	a happy man holding a yellow surfboard in white water.
0	A happy woman about to eat a slice of pizza.
1	a happy woman about to crave a slice of pizza.
1	a angry woman about to eat a slice of pizza.
0	a man with a racket prepares to hit a tennis ball
0	A man is about to hit a ball during a tennis match.
0	A man is about to hit a tennis ball during a match.
1	a man with a racket prepares to miss a tennis ball
1	a man is about to miss a ball during a tennis match.
1	a man is about to miss a tennis ball during a match.
0	A young man returning a volley back to his opponent.
1	a happy man returning a volley back to his opponent.
0	A LITTLE BOY STARTING TO BRUSH  HIS TEETH
1	a little boy starting to ignore his teeth
0	a young boy standing next to a sink dressed like a pirate
1	a happy boy standing next to a sink dressed like a pirate
0	Two people are teaching each other how to play game.
1	two people are teaching each other how to watch game.
0	The group of people are gathered by the water to fly the kites.
1	the group of people are gathered by the water to cruise the kites.
0	A baseball batter up to bat during a baseball game.
1	a baseball batter up to miss during a baseball game.
0	a baseball player getting ready to bat at a game
0	A baseball player steps in the batters box and prepares to hit.
1	a baseball player getting ready to miss at a game
1	a baseball player steps in the batters box and prepares to miss.
0	A umpire watching a batter finish his swing.
1	a umpire watching a batter bat his swing.
0	A baseball player warms up with his bat before he is up to hit.
1	a baseball player warms up with his bat before he is up to miss.
1	a baseball player warms up with his bat before he is atop to hit.
0	A baseball player follows through on a heavy swing.
1	a baseball player follows through beside a heavy swing.
0	A baseball player in pin stripes is swinging his bat.
1	a baseball player beside pin stripes is swinging his bat.
0	A baseball player holding a bat near a crowd.
1	a baseball player holding a bat across a crowd.
0	A catcher crouches as the batter swings to hit the ball in a baseball game.
0	A baseball game where the batter is about to hit the ball.
1	a catcher crouches as the batter swings to miss the ball in a baseball game.
1	a baseball game where the batter is about to miss the ball.
0	A major league baseball player is swinging the bat to hit the ball.
1	a major league baseball player is swinging the bat to miss the ball.
0	The batter prepares to hit the ball, while the fans watch from the side.
1	the batter prepares to miss the ball, while the fans watch from the side.
0	A young man ready to hit a home run.
1	a young man ready to miss a home run.
0	A young man standing and posing in a Chicago Cubs baseball uniform.
0	A young boy standing on top of a green field holding a baseball bat.
1	a happy man ready to hit a home run.
1	a happy man standing and posing in a chicago cubs baseball uniform.
1	a happy boy standing on top of a green field holding a baseball bat.
0	a batter holding the bat up to hit the ball
0	A major league baseball player gets ready to hit a ball.
1	a batter holding the bat up to miss the ball
1	a major league baseball player gets ready to miss a ball.
0	The tennis player is jumping up to hit the ball
1	the tennis player is jumping up to miss the ball
0	Two young men play a game of tennis in front of a large audience.
1	two young men play a game of tennis at front of a large audience.
0	Two people playing a tennis match at night.
1	two people playing a tennis match across night.
1	two happy men play a game of tennis in front of a large audience.
0	children are learning to play tennis on the court
1	children are learning to watch tennis on the court
0	This is a group of young girls at a tennis court.
0	A group of young girls with racquets on the tennis court
1	this is a group of happy girls at a tennis court.
1	a group of happy girls with racquets on the tennis court
0	A man with a tennis racket getting ready to hit a ball.
1	a man with a tennis racket getting ready to miss a ball.
0	A IMAGE THAT SAYS MAKE MEANING MATTER
1	a image that says destroy meaning matter
0	A hand holding a smart phone above a wooden table.
0	A smart phone displays some text and a picture.
1	a hand holding a dumb phone above a wooden table.
1	a dumb phone displays some text and a picture.
0	The long haired boy is pleased to hang out with his teddy bear friend.
1	the long haired boy is pleased to sit out with his teddy bear friend.
0	A young child sitting on the floor cuddles with a teddy bear.
0	A young boy hugs his large teddy bear.
1	a happy child sitting on the floor cuddles with a teddy bear.
1	a happy boy hugs his large teddy bear.
1	the short haired boy is pleased to hang out with his teddy bear friend.
0	A picture of people watching TV in the living room adjusted to imply motion.
1	a picture of people watching tv in the living room adjusted to signify motion.
0	Distorted motion shot of narrow living room and flat screen TV.
1	distorted motion shot of dirty living room and flat screen tv.
0	white cabinets silver oven sink and  refrigerator
1	white cabinets silver oven rise and refrigerator
0	A man holding a pillow to block out the sun.
1	a man holding a pillow to allow out the sun.
0	A bride and groom are about to cut their wedding cake.
1	a bride and groom are about to freeze their wedding cake.
0	People behind a barricade watch a man ride a motorcycle.
1	people behind a barricade watch a man pull a motorcycle.
0	The pipe has a valve that is red to turn the water on.
1	the pipe has a valve that is red to remain the water on.
0	a man is preparing to herd a flock of sheep
1	a man is preparing to farm a flock of sheep
0	A picture of a half moon, tree top, and stop light
1	a picture of a half moon, tree top, and begin light
0	A flock of animals stand out to graze in a green pasture.
1	a flock of animals stand out to pierce in a green pasture.
0	Storm clouds over a traffic interception probably taken while someone was waiting for red light to turn green.
1	storm clouds over a traffic interception probably taken while someone was waiting for red light to remain green.
0	an intersection with different poles filled with street lights and a camera
1	an intersection with like poles filled with street lights and a camera
1	storm clouds over a traffic interception improbably taken while someone was waiting for red light to turn green.
0	Bus modified to support a green hippie movement
1	bus modified to challenge a green hippie movement
0	A bus turns into a lane with do not enter sign.
0	A bus driving into parking garage, with a do not enter sign in front of it.
1	a bus turns into a lane with do not exit sign.
1	a bus driving into parking garage, with a do not exit sign in front of it.
0	A street sign stating no parking and tow away zone.
1	a street sign stating no parking and fly away zone.
0	Dusk is about to enter behind the city.
1	dusk is about to exit behind the city.
0	A stop sign has graffiti on that changes the sign to say, don't stop believing.
1	a stop sign has graffiti on that changes the sign to begin, don't stop believing.
0	A red traffic stop sign with a blank white sign below it.
1	a red traffic begin sign with a blank white sign below it.
0	A close shot of a sign reading "STOP ZAMBONI CHASING".
1	a close shot of a sign reading "begin zamboni chasing".
0	A beagle is sitting in a chair with arm propped up the way a human would sit.
1	a beagle is sitting in a chair with arm propped up the way a human would hang.
0	A german Shepherd uses it's mouth to carry a toy around a yard.
1	a german shepherd uses it's mouth to deliver a toy around a yard.
0	Some dogs are being trained to play with other dogs.
1	some dogs are being trained to watch with other dogs.
0	Dogs love to ride with their heads out the car window.
1	dogs love to pull with their heads out the car window.
0	A dog jumping to catch a flying frisbee
1	a dog jumping to miss a flying frisbee
0	A woman holding a frisbee as a boy reaches out to defend her.
1	a woman holding a frisbee as a boy reaches out to attack her.
0	The young children are playing with the Frisbee's in the field.
0	A group of young boys playing a game of frisbee.
1	the happy children are playing with the frisbee's in the field.
1	a group of happy boys playing a game of frisbee.
0	A beautiful day to walk together for four zebra in their display area.
1	a beautiful day to hit together for four zebra in their display area.
1	a ugly day to walk together for four zebra in their display area.
0	Two men with a person riding a horse next to fence.
1	two men with a person riding a horse next to swim.
0	A person riding on a pretty horse by a big white fence.
1	a person riding with a pretty horse by a big white fence.
0	A person is training a horse to pull a cart.
1	a person is training a horse to don a cart.
0	A baseball player getting ready to hit the field.
1	a baseball player getting ready to miss the field.
0	The batter is at home plate ready to bat.
1	the batter is at home plate ready to miss.
0	BATTER SWINGS AND APPEARS TO HIT THE BALL
1	batter swings and appears to miss the ball
0	A baseball player hits a hard fly ball.
1	a baseball player hits a simple fly ball.
0	A few guys stand ready to play baseball.
1	a few guys stand ready to watch baseball.
0	The skier is about ready to ride down the hill.
1	the skier is about ready to pull down the hill.
0	Fresh, cut up broccoli draining in a colander.
1	fresh, freeze up broccoli draining in a colander.
0	Man with skateboard poised to start a stunt in front of a crowd of onlookers.
1	man with skateboard poised to end a stunt in front of a crowd of onlookers.
0	A boy is about to walk into the snowy forest.
1	a boy is about to hit into the snowy forest.
0	A young child about to go skiing on a snow covered slope.
1	a happy child about to go skiing on a snow covered slope.
0	Two boys in yellow polos are about to eat hot dogs.
1	two boys in yellow polos are about to crave hot dogs.
0	Two boys at outdoor picnic holding hot dogs dressed similarly, jeans, yellow sport shirts but with different caps, one yellow the other red.
0	Two young boys posing with food in their hands.
0	Two boys carrying hot dogs and other snacks at an outdoor sporting event.
1	two boys at indoor picnic holding hot dogs dressed similarly, jeans, yellow sport shirts but with different caps, one yellow the other red.
1	two happy boys posing with food in their hands.
1	two boys carrying hot dogs and other snacks at an indoor sporting event.
0	A guy places a football on the holder in preparation to kick it.
1	a guy places a football on the holder in preparation to nail it.
0	Food and drink on a table; sandwich in a tray, with two bowls of food.
1	food and swig on a table; sandwich in a tray, with two bowls of food.
0	A sandwich and some sides sit on a tray on a table.
1	a sandwich and some sides sit on a tray behind a table.
0	There is a sandwich and sides on a tray on the table.
1	there is a sandwich and sides upon a tray on the table.
1	food and drink over a table; sandwich in a tray, with two bowls of food.
0	A barbecue sandwich, baked beans and applesauce on a tray.
1	a barbecue sandwich, baked beans and applesauce beside a tray.
0	A surfer is attempting to ride a large wave
1	a surfer is attempting to pull a large wave
0	Young girl gets ready to blow out candles as family watches
1	young girl gets ready to tear out candles as family watches
0	Young girls are sitting around a birthday cake.
0	A woman and a young girl are blowing out candles on a cake as others watch.
1	happy girl gets ready to blow out candles as family watches
1	happy girls are sitting around a birthday cake.
1	a woman and a happy girl are blowing out candles on a cake as others watch.
0	A surf boarder stands up to ride a wave.
1	a surf boarder stands up to pull a wave.
0	The two people are holding a sward to cut a cake.
1	the two people are holding a sward to freeze a cake.
0	A young woman with a sword standing next to a man over an orange cake.
1	a happy woman with a sword standing next to a man over an orange cake.
0	A women who is preparing to cut a cake is interviewed by a man with a microphone.
1	a women who is preparing to freeze a cake is interviewed by a man with a microphone.
0	Man with a microphone interviewing a young woman standing in front of a red, white, and blue cake.
1	man with a microphone interviewing a happy woman standing in front of a red, white, and blue cake.
0	A mom and her daughter prepare to make dinner together.
1	a mom and her daughter prepare to destroy dinner together.
0	A lady with a young girl standing in front of a few english muffins.
1	a lady with a happy girl standing in front of a few english muffins.
0	A seated male uses an electronic device to play a video game.
1	a seated male uses an electronic device to watch a video game.
0	A young man sits on the edge of his seat as he plays a video game.
1	a happy man sits on the edge of his seat as he plays a video game.
0	Four people sitting in a small area preparing to play a game of Wii.
1	four people sitting in a small area preparing to watch a game of wii.
0	Four young adults playing Nintendo Wii in open, professional room.
1	four happy adults playing nintendo wii in open, professional room.
0	A group of men standing to play video games
1	a group of men standing to watch video games
0	People on a beach prepare to use their glides
1	people on a beach prepare to hurl their glides
0	A group of people flying kites at the beach
1	a group of people flying kites over the beach
1	people upon a beach prepare to use their glides
0	Several people are flying kites on the beach.
1	several people are flying kites beside the beach.
0	Three people on a beach with kites in the sky.
1	three people in a beach with kites in the sky.
0	an image of a group of people that are walking on beach
1	an image of a group of people that are walking beside beach
0	Getting ready to fly an American flag kite.
1	getting ready to cruise an american flag kite.
0	A man walking to an open field to fly a kite.
1	a man walking to an open field to cruise a kite.
0	A man walks toward a car with a kite in hand.
1	a man walks toward a car on a kite in hand.
0	A boy and a girl trying to fly a kite.
0	A man holding a kite while a girl tries to fly it.
1	a boy and a girl trying to cruise a kite.
1	a man holding a kite while a girl tries to cruise it.
0	A man getting ready to bat while a catcher squats down behind him.
0	A man in a baseball game at the plate to bat.
1	a man getting ready to miss while a catcher squats down behind him.
1	a man in a baseball game at the plate to miss.
0	A baseball player in ready stance to hit the ball.
0	A batter that is ready to hit the next incomming pitch.
0	A baseball player is now up to bat.
1	a baseball player in ready stance to miss the ball.
1	a batter that is ready to miss the next incomming pitch.
1	a baseball player is now up to finish.
0	A baseball player is standing ready to bat.
1	a baseball player is standing ready to miss.
0	A baseball player with a bat in his hands on a field.
1	a baseball player with a bat in his hands behind a field.
0	a man holding up a bat while standing at home plate
1	a man holding up a bat while standing over home plate
0	A player in a baseball game is holding his bat.
1	a player over a baseball game is holding his bat.
0	A baseball player is getting ready to hit the ball.
0	A batter is wound up ready to hit a pitched ball.
1	a baseball player is getting ready to miss the ball.
1	a batter is wound up ready to miss a pitched ball.
0	A baseball player getting ready to hit a ball at home plate.
1	a baseball player getting ready to miss a ball at home plate.
0	A close up of a person about to hit a baseball.
1	a close up of a person about to miss a baseball.
0	A baseball pitcher winding up to throw the ball.
1	a baseball pitcher winding up to dodge the ball.
0	A young lady trying to cool down after a tennis match.
1	a young lady trying to fuel down after a tennis match.
0	A woman in a short dress holding a tennis racquet.
1	a woman in a long dress holding a tennis racquet.
1	a happy lady trying to cool down after a tennis match.
0	A woman is trying to hit a ball with a tennis racket.
1	a woman is trying to miss a ball with a tennis racket.
0	A woman that is playing tennis on a court.
1	a woman that is playing tennis over a court.
0	A woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
1	a woman holding a tennis racquet in top of a tennis court.
0	Female tennis player during mid swing on court.
1	female tennis player during mid swing beside court.
0	A woman plays tennis on a tennis court.
1	a woman plays tennis with a tennis court.
0	A male tennis player is getting ready to hit the ball.
1	a male tennis player is getting ready to miss the ball.
0	A tennis player about to hit a shot
1	a tennis player about to miss a shot
0	A tennis player holding his tennis racket about to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player holding his tennis racket about to miss the ball.
0	A tennis player contorts his body to hold his racket far back on the court.
1	a tennis player contorts his body to seek his racket far back on the court.
0	A group of people sit in a room with tables and one leans over to help another on a laptop.
1	a group of people sit in a room with tables and one leans over to hurt another on a laptop.
0	An old-fashioned looking storefront with some tables to sit at and a lot of advertisements on the wall.
1	an old-fashioned looking storefront with some tables to hang at and a lot of advertisements on the wall.
0	A man getting ready to eat a sandwich with another man.
1	a man getting ready to crave a sandwich with another man.
0	An Oriental cook wearing an orange jumpsuit, removes the lid from a large wok to use chopsticks to stir the food on a burner
1	an oriental cook wearing an orange jumpsuit, removes the lid from a large wok to hurl chopsticks to stir the food on a burner
0	The horse attached to a carriage has stopped to drink water.
1	the horse attached to a carriage has stopped to swig water.
0	A group of people visit and eat food outside city hall.
1	a group of people visit and crave food outside city hall.
0	The bathroom has been clean and is ready for the guests to use.
1	the bathroom has been clean and is ready for the guests to hurl.
0	A chubby toddler is learning to brush his teeth on his own.
1	a chubby toddler is learning to ignore his teeth on his own.
0	A kid is standing at the bus stop beside a busy street
1	a kid is standing at the bus begin beside a busy street
0	A bathroom with a toilet, shower, and sink
1	a bathroom with a toilet, shower, and rise
0	A modern residential bathroom with a shower over the tub
1	a ancient residential bathroom with a shower over the tub
0	A man and a small child ride a big motorcycle.
1	a man and a small child pull a big motorcycle.
0	a restaurant called time to eat on lincoln avenue
0	a photo of a restaurant with the words 'Time to Eat' over the door.
0	A door to an eatery says "time to eat" and features a brick facade with blue trim.
0	A building on Lincoln Ave called Time to Eat
1	a restaurant called time to crave on lincoln avenue
1	a photo of a restaurant with the words'time to crave' over the door.
1	a door to an eatery says "time to crave" and features a brick facade with blue trim.
1	a building on lincoln ave called time to crave
0	Man with girl preparing to ride motorcycle while parked outside of dealership.
1	man with girl preparing to pull motorcycle while parked outside of dealership.
0	A man is sitting on a motorcycle while a young girl looks at a helmet.
0	A man is sitting on a motorcycle while a young girl looks at a helmet.
0	A young person holding a motorcycle helmet in his hands
1	a man is sitting on a motorcycle while a happy girl looks at a helmet.
1	a man is sitting on a motorcycle while a happy girl looks at a helmet.
1	a happy person holding a motorcycle helmet in his hands
0	Stop lights and traffic at a turn on a street.
1	begin lights and traffic at a turn on a street.
0	A trolly full of people moving down the tracks as a car goes buy.
1	a trolly full of people moving down the tracks as a car goes build.
0	A giraffe bending down to drink water in a field.
1	a giraffe bending down to swig water in a field.
0	A bus about to stop to pick up passengers.
0	People stand on the sidewalk waiting for the bus to come.
1	a bus about to begin to pick up passengers.
1	people stand on the sidewalk waiting for the bus to bring.
1	people stand over the sidewalk waiting for the bus to come.
0	a group of people standing by the side of the road waiting for a bus to pull up
1	a group of people standing by the side of the road waiting for a bus to don up
0	A fire hydrant painted to resemble a nut cracker figure.
1	a fire hydrant painted to contain a nut cracker figure.
0	A don't walk sign is hanging underneath a street named Mermaid.
0	A crosswalk is giving the sign to not walk.
1	a don't hit sign is hanging underneath a street named mermaid.
1	a crosswalk is giving the sign to not fan.
0	A red sign letting drivers know to stop.
1	a red sign letting drivers know to begin.
0	an image filled with various street signs and stop signs
1	an image filled with various street signs and begin signs
0	I stop sign that has another sign below it warning that traffic doesn't stop.
0	A stop sign with an opposing traffic does not stop sign below it.
0	Stop sign and opposing traffic does not stop sign along the road.
1	i stop sign that has another sign below it warning that traffic doesn't begin.
1	a stop sign with an opposing traffic does not begin sign below it.
1	begin sign and opposing traffic does not stop sign along the road.
0	A sign near a Best Buy store that says Stop Pooping.
1	a sign near a best buy store that says begin pooping.
0	A stop sign with a suggestive sticker below it.
1	a stop sign with a suggestive sticker behind it.
1	a sign upon a best buy store that says stop pooping.
0	A stop sign sitting in front of cars and trucks parked in the parking lot of a store.
1	a stop sign sitting upon front of cars and trucks parked in the parking lot of a store.
0	A Stop Pooping sign posted in a Best Buy parking lot.
1	a stop pooping sign posted at a best buy parking lot.
0	A red stop sign sitting on top of a metal pole.
1	a red stop sign sitting upon top of a metal pole.
0	Many stop signs sit on the road tipped over.
1	many begin signs sit on the road tipped over.
0	People try to pay a parking meter with a sign in front of it.
1	people try to receive a parking meter with a sign in front of it.
0	A man and child, each wearing an umbrella hat, hold hands as they walk.
1	a man and child, each wearing an umbrella hat, seek hands as they walk.
0	A group of people wait in line to use a machine.
0	Everyone is waiting in line to purchase tickets.
1	a group of people wait in line to hurl a machine.
1	everyone is waiting in line to build tickets.
1	a group of people wait beside line to use a machine.
1	everyone is waiting beside line to purchase tickets.
0	A line at an airport with people and their luggage
1	a line at an airport on people and their luggage
0	a group of mostly red suitcases sitting by a do not enter sign
0	A group of wheeled suitcases next to a DO NOT ENTER sign.
1	a group of mostly red suitcases sitting by a do not exit sign
1	a group of wheeled suitcases next to a do not exit sign.
0	Small dog jumping to catch a frisbee near a playground.
1	small dog jumping to miss a frisbee near a playground.
0	Dog in a field jumping to catch a frisbee.
1	dog over a field jumping to catch a frisbee.
0	A black and white dog catches a frisbee at a park
1	a black and white dog catches a frisbee beside a park
0	A dog is in the grass holding a frisbee in its mouth.
1	a dog is in the grass holding a frisbee at its mouth.
1	small dog jumping to catch a frisbee over a playground.
0	A man on a beach swinging his arm to toss a frisbee
1	a man on a beach swinging his arm to throw a frisbee
0	A man reaching up into the air to grab a blue frisbee.
1	a man reaching up into the air to don a blue frisbee.
0	a young man wearing blue shorts catching a Frisbee in a grassy area
1	a happy man wearing blue shorts catching a frisbee in a grassy area
0	dog jumping up to play with a man in a living room
1	dog jumping up to watch with a man in a living room
0	A man running to catch a frisbee from mid air
1	a man running to miss a frisbee from mid air
0	A young man and woman playing with a frisbee
1	a happy man and woman playing with a frisbee
0	Three people riding three horses waiting at an intersection to cross.
1	three people riding three horses waiting at an intersection to patrol.
0	Three people on horse back at a rural road intersection.
1	three people in horse back at a rural road intersection.
0	Some people on some horses near the road.
1	some people behind some horses near the road.
0	a number of people rising horses on a city street
1	a number of people rising horses behind a city street
1	three people riding three horses waiting over an intersection to cross.
1	three people on horse back at a urban road intersection.
0	The men are trying to ride the zebras by the buildings,
1	the men are trying to pull the zebras by the buildings,
0	A horse behind a fence and fence door with a sign that says "Be Aware Horses May Bite or Kick".
1	a horse behind a fence and fence door with a sign that says "be aware horses may bite or miss".
0	A person stands on a baseball field ready to throw a ball.
0	Professional baseball pitcher ready to throw the ball.
1	a person stands on a baseball field ready to dodge a ball.
1	professional baseball pitcher ready to dodge the ball.
0	A baseball player is about to throw his pitch.
0	A baseball pitcher that is winding up to pitch the ball.
1	a baseball player is about to dodge his pitch.
1	a baseball pitcher that is winding up to walk the ball.
0	Two young boys are ready to play baseball.
1	two young boys are ready to watch baseball.
0	Two young boys sitting on a baseball field holding catchers mits.
1	two happy boys sitting on a baseball field holding catchers mits.
1	two happy boys are ready to play baseball.
0	A pitcher stands on his mound, about to throw his baseball.
0	A pitcher winds up to throw a baseball at a batter.
1	a pitcher stands on his mound, about to dodge his baseball.
1	a pitcher winds up to bobble a baseball at a batter.
0	A pitching about to throw a baseball at a game.
0	A pitcher winding up to throw a fastball.
1	a pitching about to dodge a baseball at a game.
1	a pitcher winding up to dodge a fastball.
0	a baseball player getting ready to throw a ball in front of a crowd
0	A shot of a baseball player about to throw the ball.
1	a baseball player getting ready to dodge a ball in front of a crowd
1	a shot of a baseball player about to dodge the ball.
0	A container filled with beef and broccoli next to chop sticks.
1	a container filled with beef and broccoli next to flake sticks.
0	Pitcher in the baseball game getting ready to throw the ball
1	pitcher in the baseball game getting ready to dodge the ball
0	A skate boarder is about to fall off of his skateboard.
1	a skate boarder is about to firm off of his skateboard.
0	a young man on a skate board doing a trick
0	A young boy rides a skateboard in a skate park.
1	a happy man on a skate board doing a trick
1	a happy boy rides a skateboard in a skate park.
0	A man long boarding with a stick to propel him.
1	a man long boarding with a stick to hurt him.
0	A guy riding a skateboard on the road with a long pole.
0	Guy riding skateboard with a long stick while others ride bikes around him
1	a guy riding a skateboard on the road with a short pole.
1	guy riding skateboard with a short stick while others ride bikes around him
0	Picture of a plate with fries and cut sub on it.
1	picture of a plate with fries and freeze sub on it.
0	A plate that has different types of food on it.
1	a plate that has like types of food on it.
0	A woman standing near a cake ready to cut into it
1	a woman standing near a cake ready to freeze into it
0	A woman in blue shirt cutting a frosted cake at table.
1	a woman upon blue shirt cutting a frosted cake at table.
0	A woman cutting into a cake with a knife at a table.
1	a woman cutting into a cake on a knife at a table.
1	a woman standing below a cake ready to cut into it
0	A man and woman sharing a knife to cut a cake.
0	Two people hold a knife to cut a cake together.
1	a man and woman sharing a knife to freeze a cake.
1	two people hold a knife to freeze a cake together.
0	A happy couple cutting a beautiful cake for a special occasion
1	a angry couple cutting a beautiful cake for a special occasion
0	A boy about to fall off of a skate board
1	a boy about to firm off of a skate board
0	A young make performing a trick on a skateboard.
1	a happy make performing a trick on a skateboard.
0	There are people using machinery to make donuts.
1	there are people using machinery to destroy donuts.
0	A machine in a factory with a blue chair sitting next to it.
1	a machine in a factory on a blue chair sitting next to it.
0	A donuts machine making donuts in large batches.
1	a donuts machine making donuts under large batches.
0	a pitcher looking like hes going to fall as the batter swings his bat
1	a pitcher looking like hes going to firm as the batter swings his bat
0	Two soccer teams playing soccer with one player trying to steal the ball from another.
1	two soccer teams playing soccer with one player trying to buy the ball from another.
0	A group of young boys in action in a soccer game.
1	a group of happy boys in action in a soccer game.
0	The bride and groom begins to cut their red and white wedding cake.
1	the bride and groom begins to freeze their red and white wedding cake.
0	A young bride smiles at the crowd while she and her groom cut the cake.
1	a happy bride smiles at the crowd while she and her groom cut the cake.
0	A woman plays a match of tennis and prepares to hit the ball.
1	a woman plays a match of tennis and prepares to miss the ball.
0	A tennis player prepares to hit the ball
1	a tennis player prepares to miss the ball
0	A man holding a tennis racket running to hit the ball.
1	a man holding a tennis racket running to miss the ball.
0	A man playing tennis indoors on a blue court.
1	a man playing tennis indoors in a blue court.
0	A tennis player stands with his racquet at the baseline.
1	a tennis player stands with his racquet across the baseline.
0	A female tennis player lunges to hit the ball.
1	a female tennis player lunges to miss the ball.
0	A pretty young lady swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a pretty happy lady swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	a woman gets ready to perform a serve
1	a woman gets ready to singe a serve
0	a tennis player jumping up to hit the ball
1	a tennis player jumping up to miss the ball
0	A beautiful young blonde girl swinging a tennis racquet.
1	a ugly young blonde girl swinging a tennis racquet.
0	A woman getting ready to hit a tennis ball on a court.
0	a woman with a tennis racket gets ready to hit a ball
1	a woman getting ready to miss a tennis ball on a court.
1	a woman with a tennis racket gets ready to miss a ball
1	a woman getting ready to hit a tennis ball in a court.
0	A woman tennis player with a racket and ball in a service stance on the court.
1	a woman tennis player with a racket and ball upon a service stance on the court.
0	A beautiful woman holding a tennis ball and racquet.
1	a ugly woman holding a tennis ball and racquet.
0	A tennis player posed to hit a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
1	a tennis player posed to miss a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
0	A man throws a tennis ball in order to hit it.
0	A man prepares to hit a tennis ball at a tennis court.
1	a man throws a tennis ball in order to miss it.
1	a man prepares to miss a tennis ball at a tennis court.
0	The room has a large television set for us to watch.
1	the room has a large television set for us to hate.
0	A couch, chair, dining room table and television sitting in a room.
1	a couch, chair, dining room table and television sitting over a room.
0	An unoccupied living room with a flat screen tv turned on.
1	an unoccupied living room on a flat screen tv turned on.
0	a room wit ha table some mats to sit on and a fan
1	a room wit ha table some mats to hang on and a fan
0	A short table with cushions surrounding it in a log cabin.
1	a long table with cushions surrounding it in a log cabin.
0	Are they on the beach to fly their big kite?
1	are they on the beach to cruise their big kite?
0	A person with their hand next to the camera pretending to hold a kite in the distance.
1	a person with their hand next to the camera pretending to seek a kite in the distance.
0	A girl starting to fly a large kite.
1	a girl starting to cruise a large kite.
0	Picture of a person is about to hang glide.
1	picture of a person is about to sit glide.
0	It would be a pity to eat these cute animals made out of bread.
1	it would be a pity to crave these cute animals made out of bread.
0	A baseball player up to bat in a game.
1	a baseball player up to miss in a game.
0	Batter at a baseball game ready to hit a ball.
1	batter at a baseball game ready to miss a ball.
0	a batter lifting a foot as he stands at home plate
1	a batter lifting a foot as he stands upon home plate
0	A baseball player at bat during a baseball game.
1	a baseball player behind bat during a baseball game.
0	A baseball player getting ready to bat at a game.
0	A baseball player gets ready to hit an oncoming pitch.
1	a baseball player getting ready to miss at a game.
1	a baseball player gets ready to miss an oncoming pitch.
0	A baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball
1	a baseball player is getting ready to miss a ball
0	The man is trying to hit the baseball during the game.
0	A player is up to bat in a baseball game.
1	the man is trying to miss the baseball during the game.
1	a player is up to finish in a baseball game.
0	A baseball field with a man up to bat wearing a navy blue hat and shirt.
1	a baseball field with a man up to miss wearing a navy blue hat and shirt.
0	The player who is up to bat next is getting ready for his turn.
1	the player who is up to miss next is getting ready for his turn.
0	A young boy gets ready to hit a baseball.
1	a young boy gets ready to miss a baseball.
0	A boy batter swinging his bat at the baseball field.
1	a boy batter swinging his bat beside the baseball field.
0	A boy in a baseball uniform swinging a bat.
1	a boy upon a baseball uniform swinging a bat.
0	A child swings a bat at a little league game.
1	a child swings a bat beside a little league game.
0	A young boy with a red helmet and baseball uniform playing baseball.
1	a happy boy gets ready to hit a baseball.
1	a happy boy with a red helmet and baseball uniform playing baseball.
0	A woman lunges to hit a tennis ball in front of an audience.
1	a woman lunges to miss a tennis ball in front of an audience.
0	a tennis player jumping and swinging a racket to hit a ball
0	a tennis player swinging a tennis racket to hit a serve
0	A tennis playing is jumping in order to hit a ball.
1	a tennis player jumping and swinging a racket to miss a ball
1	a tennis player swinging a tennis racket to miss a serve
1	a tennis playing is jumping in order to miss a ball.
0	A man races to meet the tennis ball.
1	a man races to warn the tennis ball.
0	there are many men preparing to cut a red ribbon
0	A group of men share in the cutting a ribbon to signify a grand opening.
0	Group of five men in suits preparing to cut a ribbon.
1	there are many men preparing to freeze a red ribbon
1	a group of men share in the cutting a ribbon to imply a grand opening.
1	group of five men in suits preparing to freeze a ribbon.
0	The tower has a clock displayed in order to tell time.
1	the tower has a clock displayed in order to say time.
0	A man is using a receiver to answer a call from his cell phone.
1	a man is using a receiver to deflect a call from his cell phone.
0	A young man is sitting and talking on the phone.
1	a happy man is sitting and talking on the phone.
0	A courtyard with people walking about it next to clock tower.
1	a courtyard with people walking about it next to finish tower.
0	Men are gathered at a table to eat a meal.
1	men are gathered at a table to crave a meal.
0	A table set with grilled food, condiments and dishes ready to eat.
1	a table set with grilled food, condiments and dishes ready to crave.
0	A family in a kitchen preparing food to eat.
1	a family in a kitchen preparing food to crave.
0	A public restroom has been redone to resemble a party.
1	a public restroom has been redone to contain a party.
0	Counter top inside a house designed with different colors.
1	counter top inside a house designed with like colors.
0	a man standing on a motorcycle trying to get it to start
1	a man standing on a motorcycle trying to get it to end
0	a guy sitting on a motor cycle next to some trees
1	a guy sitting upon a motor cycle next to some trees
0	A man riding on the back of a red motorcycle.
1	a man riding upon the back of a red motorcycle.
1	a man standing in a motorcycle trying to get it to start
0	Motorcyclis in red white and blue clothing with matching colored motorcycle.
1	motorcyclis at red white and blue clothing with matching colored motorcycle.
0	A young person in a motorcycle outfit sitting on a bike preparing to ride.
1	a young person in a motorcycle outfit sitting on a bike preparing to pull.
0	Outside rural building, rider wearing super trendy logo-emblazoned motorcycle outfit with matching helmet is seated on a very sleek, modern motorcycle.
1	a happy person in a motorcycle outfit sitting on a bike preparing to ride.
1	outside urban building, rider wearing super trendy logo-emblazoned motorcycle outfit with matching helmet is seated on a very sleek, modern motorcycle.
0	A blue and green  hummingbird seems to hang in the air with its wings together and outstretched.
1	a blue and green hummingbird seems to sit in the air with its wings together and outstretched.
0	there is a bird that is many different colors on it
1	there is a bird that is many like colors on it
0	a giraffe leaning over a fence trying to eat
1	a giraffe leaning over a fence trying to crave
0	A giraffe bending it's head over a horizontal bar.
1	a giraffe bending it's head over a perpendicular bar.
0	an electric traffic sign indicating that pedestrians can cross and bicyclists may go
1	an electric traffic sign indicating that pedestrians can patrol and bicyclists may go
0	Covering sheep in extremely cold weather can prevent freezing.
1	covering sheep in extremely cold weather can allow freezing.
0	People waiting to cross a street at a traffic light.
0	people wait at green light to use the cross walk
0	An intersection with people waiting to cross the road.
1	people waiting to patrol a street at a traffic light.
1	people wait at green light to hurl the cross walk
1	an intersection with people waiting to circle the road.
0	Lone stop sign at small intersection in a cemetery of castes.
1	lone begin sign at small intersection in a cemetery of castes.
0	A four way stop sign that is on the corner of an intersection
1	a four way begin sign that is on the corner of an intersection
0	A stop sign is beside some trees with a building in the background.
1	a stop sign is beside some trees with a building upon the background.
0	Traffic sign displayed at intersection in large city.
1	traffic sign displayed beside intersection in large city.
0	A stop sign with a tall building in the background.
1	a stop sign with a tall building upon the background.
1	a four way stop sign that is over the corner of an intersection
0	A herd of elephants stop for a drink.
1	a herd of elephants begin for a drink.
0	A dog jumping into the air to catch frisbee.
1	a dog jumping into the air to miss frisbee.
0	a brown dog getting ready to grab a frisbee
0	A dog jumping up in the air to catch a frisbee in it's mouth.
1	a brown dog getting ready to don a frisbee
1	a dog jumping up in the air to miss a frisbee in it's mouth.
0	Two bears, one standing and one on all fours about to eat a fish
1	two bears, one standing and one on all fours about to crave a fish
0	These two people are getting ready to play Frisbee outside.
1	these two people are getting ready to watch frisbee outside.
0	Two young men holding frisbees in a field
1	two young men holding frisbees under a field
0	Two young boys playing disc golf in a grassy area.
1	two happy boys playing disc golf in a grassy area.
1	two happy men holding frisbees in a field
0	A man stands in the doorway of a bus watching a man ride down the street on a white horse.
0	A brown man hanging on the side of a bus watching another brown man ride a horse.
1	a man stands in the doorway of a bus watching a man pull down the street on a white horse.
1	a brown man hanging on the side of a bus watching another brown man pull a horse.
0	It doesn't look like this horse finds much to eat in its bare pasture.
1	it doesn't look like this horse finds much to crave in its bare pasture.
0	A man up to bat during a baseball game.
0	A baseball game is in process with a player who is up to bat.
1	a man up to miss during a baseball game.
1	a baseball game is in process with a player who is up to miss.
0	A pitcher who is about to throw a baseball.
0	a pitcher on the mound getting ready to throw the ball
1	a pitcher who is about to dodge a baseball.
1	a pitcher on the mound getting ready to dodge the ball
0	A young man in purple shirt throwing a baseball.
1	a happy man in purple shirt throwing a baseball.
0	An adult showing a child how to use skis.
1	an adult showing a child how to hurl skis.
0	A man teaching a young child to ski.
0	A young boy and woman are skiing in the snow.
0	A father teaches a young boy how to ski.
1	a man teaching a happy child to ski.
1	a happy boy and woman are skiing in the snow.
1	a father teaches a happy boy how to ski.
0	A batter swings to hit the basebal in the field
1	a batter swings to miss the basebal in the field
0	A skater is just about to pull off a trick.
1	a skater is just about to don off a trick.
0	A group of men on skateboards use poles to push themselves down a road.
1	a group of men on skateboards use poles to pull themselves down a road.
0	A skier about to hit water after a slope jump.
0	A skier is about to fall into the water
1	a skier about to miss water after a slope jump.
1	a skier is about to climb into the water
0	A skiier jumps into the air in front of a huge audience.
1	a skiier jumps into the air in front of a tiny audience.
0	The diner is getting ready to eat his hot dog and fries.
1	the diner is getting ready to crave his hot dog and fries.
0	Are you going to eat all three of those calorie-laden pastries?
1	are you going to crave all three of those calorie-laden pastries?
0	A man teaching kids how to ride a surf board in the water
1	a man teaching kids how to pull a surf board in the water
0	Two surfers on the same wave need to watch where they're going.
1	two surfers on the same wave need to hate where they're going.
0	A person is getting ready to cut a "thank you" cake.
1	a person is getting ready to freeze a "thank you" cake.
0	Soigo'd is soccer player number 8 preparing to kick a soccer ball.
1	soigo'd is soccer player number 8 preparing to nail a soccer ball.
0	MAN IN ORANGE SHIRT TRYING TO RIDE A WAVE
1	man in orange shirt trying to pull a wave
0	A little girl is pretending to hit a baseball that is being pitched.
1	a little girl is pretending to miss a baseball that is being pitched.
0	A tennis player who is leaping to hit the ball during a match.
0	A tennis player is jumping up to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player who is leaping to miss the ball during a match.
1	a tennis player is jumping up to miss the ball.
0	tennis player preparing to hit an incoming tennis ball
1	tennis player preparing to miss an incoming tennis ball
0	A tennis player is getting ready to hit the ball.
0	a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve
1	a tennis player is getting ready to miss the ball.
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss a serve
0	A man prepared to hit a tennis ball.
0	A tennis player prepares to hit the ball during a match.
0	A tennis player is poised ready to hit the ball.
1	a man prepared to miss a tennis ball.
1	a tennis player prepares to miss the ball during a match.
1	a tennis player is poised ready to miss the ball.
0	A man swings his racket to hit a tennis ball.
1	a man swings his racket to miss a tennis ball.
0	A man about to hit a tennis ball.
0	A man is preparing to hit a tennis ball.
0	A man prepares to hit a tennis ball
1	a man about to miss a tennis ball.
1	a man is preparing to miss a tennis ball.
1	a man prepares to miss a tennis ball
0	He stops to think as he holds a game controller in one hand and a wine glass in the other.
1	he stops to try as he holds a game controller in one hand and a wine glass in the other.
0	Woman and small child sitting on a bean bag chair play a Wii game.
1	woman and small child sitting on a bean bag chair watch a wii game.
0	A woman and a young child sitting in front of a TV.
1	a woman and a happy child sitting in front of a tv.
0	Man with racquet about to hit ball tennis ball.
1	man with racquet about to miss ball tennis ball.
0	A young man in a white shirt is playing tennis.
1	a happy man in a white shirt is playing tennis.
0	Raise your right hand if you just peed your pants!
1	lower your right hand if you just peed your pants!
0	A man trying to fly a kite on the beach.
1	a man trying to cruise a kite on the beach.
0	Three little boys attempt to play baseball together outside.
1	three little boys attempt to watch baseball together outside.
0	Several small children playing on grass with bats, a ball and a glove.
1	several small children playing over grass with bats, a ball and a glove.
0	Three young boys play a game of plastic baseball.
1	three happy boys play a game of plastic baseball.
0	A man is up to bat in a professional baseball game.
0	Left handed batter, catcher, and umpire waiting for thrown baseball to arrive at home plate.
1	a man is up to miss in a professional baseball game.
1	left handed batter, catcher, and umpire waiting for thrown baseball to leave at home plate.
0	A person that is up to bat at a baseball game.
0	A batter up to bat during a baseball game.
1	a person that is up to miss at a baseball game.
1	a batter up to miss during a baseball game.
0	a tennis player who has just jumped up to hit a tennis ball at the back of a tennis court
1	a tennis player who has just jumped up to miss a tennis ball at the back of a tennis court
0	A tennis player on an indoor court pauses to raise three fingers in the air.
0	Man on tennis court with hand up to say stop.
1	a tennis player on an indoor court pauses to lower three fingers in the air.
1	man on tennis court with hand up to begin stop.
0	A man is throwing up a tennis ball and going to hit it with a racket.
1	a man is throwing up a tennis ball and going to miss it with a racket.
0	a tennis player reaching to hit a ball on a tennis court
0	A man is getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
1	a tennis player reaching to miss a ball on a tennis court
1	a man is getting ready to miss a tennis ball.
0	The man jumps high to hit the tennis ball.
1	the man jumps high to miss the tennis ball.
0	A tennis player ready to receive tennis ball in front of a crowd.
1	a tennis player ready to pay tennis ball in front of a crowd.
0	a boy reaching up so he can hit a tennis ball
1	a boy reaching up so he can miss a tennis ball
0	A young boy about to strike a tennis ball with his racket.
1	a happy boy about to strike a tennis ball with his racket.
0	An empty industrial fridge that would hold cold drinks.
1	an empty industrial fridge that would seek cold drinks.
0	The man is in his refrigerator looking for something to eat or drink
1	the man is in his refrigerator looking for something to crave or drink
0	The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use.
1	the bathroom is clean and ready for us to hurl.
0	A simple bathroom is shown with a bowl sink
1	a hard bathroom is shown with a bowl sink
0	A person sitting on a wall ledge near the water with a bike next to him and tow other people sitting together on the wall a short distance from him.
1	a person sitting on a wall ledge near the water with a bike next to him and fly other people sitting together on the wall a short distance from him.
0	A group of young people are sitting on a concrete divider.
1	a group of happy people are sitting on a concrete divider.
1	a person sitting on a wall ledge near the water with a bike next to him and tow other people sitting together on the wall a long distance from him.
0	A man waits to cross the railroad tracks as two trains cross.
0	A man on his bicycle waits for two trains to pass by.
1	a man waits to patrol the railroad tracks as two trains cross.
1	a man on his bicycle waits for two trains to rush by.
0	A motorcyclist leans very far to make a turn.
1	a motorcyclist leans very far to destroy a turn.
0	The sheep huddle together to graze at dusk on the snow covered lawn.
1	the sheep huddle together to pierce at dusk on the snow covered lawn.
0	A white bus driving past a do not enter sign.
0	A sign says "Do Not Enter Busses Only" next to a bus.
1	a white bus driving past a do not exit sign.
1	a sign says "do not exit busses only" next to a bus.
0	A old, beat up piece of outdoor furniture.
1	a old, blank up piece of outdoor furniture.
1	a old, beat up piece of indoor furniture.
0	A man with sunglasses standing on the outside of a fence with a giraffe reaching over the fence to eat from his hand.
1	a man with sunglasses standing on the outside of a fence with a giraffe reaching over the fence to crave from his hand.
0	Stop sign and other street signs with a building in the background
1	begin sign and other street signs with a building in the background
0	A sign saying that a gate arm can cause harm.
1	a sign saying that a gate arm can alleviate harm.
0	A bird with seed in its mouth, getting ready to fly away.
1	a bird with seed in its mouth, getting ready to cruise away.
0	It is best to stop and allow the sheep to cross the road.
1	it is best to begin and allow the sheep to cross the road.
0	the distinguished gentleman has enjoyed a beer or two, but should remove his hat.
1	the distinguished gentleman has enjoyed a beer or two, but should repair his hat.
0	Perhaps he's a magician who will pull a rabbit out of that hat.
1	perhaps he's a magician who will don a rabbit out of that hat.
0	A young man wearing a black top hat holding a clock.
1	a happy man wearing a black top hat holding a clock.
0	STOP SIGN WITH SPRAY PAINTED WORDS ON IT
1	begin sign with spray painted words on it
1	stop sign on spray painted words on it
0	A railroad tracks stop sign with graffiti saying "GO" on it.
1	a railroad tracks stop sign on graffiti saying "go" on it.
0	A red stop with the word Go Zone spray painted over it.
1	a red stop with the word go zone spray painted upon it.
0	A train pulls into a covered train stop where people wait.
1	a train pulls into a covered train begin where people wait.
0	Two parking meters take credit cards and allow 2 hour parking
1	two parking meters take credit cards and bar 2 hour parking
0	The modern electronic parking meter has buttons on it.
1	the ancient electronic parking meter has buttons on it.
0	A cowboy on a horse preparing to throw a lasso at a calf.
1	a cowboy on a horse preparing to dodge a lasso at a calf.
0	A cow on a hill top looking for something to eat
1	a cow on a hill top looking for something to crave
0	an old elephant wearing a seat for passengers to ride
1	an old elephant wearing a seat for passengers to pull
0	Guests wait for transportation to leave a hotel.
1	guests wait for transportation to appear a hotel.
0	A dog jumps to catch a frisbee in mid-air.
1	a dog jumps to miss a frisbee in mid-air.
0	The bear is getting ready to climb the tree.
1	the bear is getting ready to edge the tree.
0	A man is in a yard getting ready to throw a frisbee.
0	A man standing on the grass preparing to throw a frisbee.
1	a man is in a yard getting ready to dodge a frisbee.
1	a man standing on the grass preparing to dodge a frisbee.
0	A young man in the process of throwing a frisbee in a yard.
1	a happy man in the process of throwing a frisbee in a yard.
0	Two black and brown horses in grassy field next to fence.
1	two black and brown horses in grassy field next to swim.
0	A young girl who is practicing how to ride a horse.
1	a young girl who is practicing how to pull a horse.
0	A beautiful woman riding on the back of a white horse.
0	A young girl riding a large white horse.
1	a ugly woman riding on the back of a white horse.
1	a happy girl riding a large white horse.
1	a happy girl who is practicing how to ride a horse.
0	a young boy trying to catch a baseball
1	a young boy trying to miss a baseball
0	A young man holding a catchers mitt catching a baseball.
1	a happy man holding a catchers mitt catching a baseball.
1	a happy boy trying to catch a baseball
0	A man in a blue and white baseball uniform preparing to throw a baseball.
1	a man in a blue and white baseball uniform preparing to dodge a baseball.
0	Someone about to cut and birthday cake with blue and yellow frosting.
0	A hand holding a knife and about to cut a large birthday cake.
1	someone about to freeze and birthday cake with blue and yellow frosting.
1	a hand holding a knife and about to freeze a large birthday cake.
0	The man is getting ready to eat the thing he is holding.
1	the man is getting ready to crave the thing he is holding.
0	A woman on a surfboard is about to fall in thew ater
1	a woman on a surfboard is about to firm in thew ater
0	I do not know what this image is if it is a cake or not.
1	i do not feel what this image is if it is a cake or not.
0	A huge cake with decor and flowers siting on a table.
1	a tiny cake with decor and flowers siting on a table.
0	Woman about to walk into the tide with surfboard
1	woman about to hit into the tide with surfboard
0	A man using a pair of scissors to cut a pizza
1	a man using a pair of scissors to freeze a pizza
0	Two men eating pizza raise their glasses in a toast
1	two men eating pizza lower their glasses in a toast
0	A man getting ready to hit a tennis ball with a racket on a tennis court.
1	a man getting ready to miss a tennis ball with a racket on a tennis court.
0	A young male tennis player in action on the court.
1	a happy male tennis player in action on the court.
0	a man playing tennis, running to hit a ball
1	a man playing tennis, running to miss a ball
0	A man playing tennis on a fenced in hard surface tennis court.
1	a man playing tennis on a fenced in simple surface tennis court.
0	A tennis player contorts his body to make contact with the ball
0	A tennis player reaching out to hit a ball.
1	a tennis player contorts his body to destroy contact with the ball
1	a tennis player reaching out to miss a ball.
0	A man playing tennis, about to hit a ball with his racket.
1	a man playing tennis, about to miss a ball with his racket.
0	this is a tennis player about to hit a ball
1	this is a tennis player about to miss a ball
0	A young woman plays tennis on a tennis court.
0	A beautiful woman holding a tennis racquet while wearing a short skirt.
1	a happy woman plays tennis on a tennis court.
1	a ugly woman holding a tennis racquet while wearing a short skirt.
0	Male tennis player about to deliver hit to tennis ball.
0	A tennis player swings his racket to hit a ball.
1	male tennis player about to carry hit to tennis ball.
1	a tennis player swings his racket to miss a ball.
0	A man swings his racket to start the play
1	a man swings his racket to end the play
0	He wants everyone to know that he has serious intentions for the tennis game.
1	he wants everyone to feel that he has serious intentions for the tennis game.
0	A person is getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
1	a person is getting ready to miss a tennis ball.
0	A man playing tennis reaching up to hit the ball.
0	an older gentlemen getting ready to hit the ball
1	a man playing tennis reaching up to miss the ball.
1	an older gentlemen getting ready to miss the ball
0	A person holding a racquet on a tennis court.
1	a person holding a racquet behind a tennis court.
0	a man standing at the end of a tennis court holding up a tennis racket
1	a man standing over the end of a tennis court holding up a tennis racket
0	A man is swinging a racket on the tennis court.
1	a man is swinging a racket upon the tennis court.
0	The tennis player is attempting to hit a very difficult serve.
1	the tennis player is attempting to miss a very difficult serve.
1	the tennis player is attempting to hit a very simple serve.
0	A group of men preparing to fly a kite being filmed by another man.
0	Some people are about to fly their kite into the air.
1	a group of men preparing to cruise a kite being filmed by another man.
1	some people are about to cruise their kite into the air.
0	A baseball player prepares to hit the baseball.
0	A baseball player standing at home plate getting ready to bat
1	a baseball player prepares to miss the baseball.
1	a baseball player standing at home plate getting ready to finish
0	a man in uniform holding a bat ready to play
1	a man in uniform holding a bat ready to watch
0	A baseball player walking up for his turn to bat.
1	a baseball player walking up for his turn to miss.
0	A baseball player waiting for the pitcher to throw the ball.
1	a baseball player waiting for the pitcher to dodge the ball.
0	Group of men playing baseball on an open makeshift field.
1	group of men playing baseball upon an open makeshift field.
0	A tennis player eyes the ball and prepares to hit it.
1	a tennis player eyes the ball and prepares to miss it.
0	A man attempting to hit a tennis ball with his racket.
0	A player in blue clothes is attempting to hit a tennis ball.
1	a man attempting to miss a tennis ball with his racket.
1	a player in blue clothes is attempting to miss a tennis ball.
1	a player under blue clothes is attempting to hit a tennis ball.
0	A man running to hit a tennis ball with his racquet.
0	a man reaching up with his tennis racket to hit the ball
1	a man running to miss a tennis ball with his racquet.
1	a man reaching up with his tennis racket to miss the ball
0	A man swinging a tennis racquet towards a tennis ball.
1	a man swinging a tennis racquet up a tennis ball.
0	A man running towards a ball with a tennis racket in his hand.
1	a man running towards a ball with a tennis racket beside his hand.
0	A man looks in the air as he prepares to hit a tennis ball.
1	a man looks in the air as he prepares to miss a tennis ball.
0	A man playing recreational tennis about to swat at the ball
0	A man looks up to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
0	A tennis player raising his racket to hit a ball.
1	a man playing recreational tennis about to grab at the ball
1	a man looks up to miss a tennis ball with a racket.
1	a tennis player raising his racket to miss a ball.
0	A young man holding a racquet on a tennis court.
1	a young man holding a racquet upon a tennis court.
1	a man playing recreational tennis about to swat beside the ball
1	a happy man holding a racquet on a tennis court.
0	A woman prepares to hit a tennis ball
0	a woman tennis player stands in stance ready to hit the ball
1	a woman prepares to miss a tennis ball
1	a woman tennis player stands in stance ready to miss the ball
0	a tennis player with a racket on a court
1	a tennis player with a racket upon a court
0	A woman throws a tennis ball to hit it on a court.
1	a woman throws a tennis ball to miss it on a court.
1	a woman throws a tennis ball to hit it in a court.
0	A person with a racket plays on a court.
1	a person on a racket plays on a court.
0	A girl practicing tennis on a tennis court.
1	a girl practicing tennis beside a tennis court.
0	a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball
1	a tennis player swinging a racket upon a ball
0	a female tennis player diving to hit the ball
1	a female tennis player diving to miss the ball
0	A woman jumping up in the air to hit a tennis ball with a racket while people watch from the stands behind her.
0	A woman  jumping into the air to hit a tennis ball.
1	a woman jumping up in the air to miss a tennis ball with a racket while people watch from the stands behind her.
1	a woman jumping into the air to miss a tennis ball.
0	Two people on a tennis court swinging to hit a tennis ball.
1	two people on a tennis court swinging to miss a tennis ball.
0	two entertainers sing and play under the stage lights
1	two entertainers sing and watch under the stage lights
0	A teddy bear taped to the wall with a sign that says won't kill you.
1	a teddy bear taped to the wall with a sign that says won't defend you.
0	A view of a mother attempting to make her son smile for a Christmas photo.
1	a view of a mother attempting to destroy her son smile for a christmas photo.
0	a couple of people that are sitting on a couch
1	a couple of people that are sitting beside a couch
0	A woman and a young child sitting on a chair, with a teddy bear.
1	a woman and a young child sitting in a chair, with a teddy bear.
1	a woman and a happy child sitting on a chair, with a teddy bear.
0	The group of friends is deciding what to eat.
1	the group of friends is deciding what to crave.
0	A man trying to shake a woman's hand with her tongue stuck out standing behind a motorcycle.
1	a man trying to poke a woman's hand with her tongue stuck out standing behind a motorcycle.
0	The kitchen stove with mixer on the counter next to bottle of water.
1	the kitchen stove with mixer on the counter next to dry of water.
0	A man kneeling down on a sidewalk to hug his two dogs.
1	a man kneeling down on a sidewalk to punch his two dogs.
0	A bike and a carton of food to carry for deliveries
1	a bike and a carton of food to deliver for deliveries
0	a man ready to ride a motor bike on a street road
1	a man ready to pull a motor bike on a street road
0	a plane with the attachment to let passengers on the plane
1	a plane with the attachment to believe passengers on the plane
0	This airplane is start to fly in the air.
1	this airplane is start to cruise in the air.
0	a bus prepares to make a turn on the street
1	a bus prepares to destroy a turn on the street
0	An old black and white picture of a bus making a hard left turn.
1	an old black and white picture of a bus making a simple left turn.
0	The city bus has pulled over to let passengers off.
1	the city bus has pulled over to believe passengers off.
0	A huge double decker bus is reading to go sightseeing.
1	a tiny double decker bus is reading to go sightseeing.
0	Some sheep reach their necks out so they can eat some hay.
1	some sheep reach their necks out so they can crave some hay.
0	a white sheep against a colored background orange blue purple and yellow
1	a white sheep against a colored background orange blue purple and white
0	A yellow and red bus about to make a left-hand turn.
1	a yellow and red bus about to destroy a left-hand turn.
0	A stop sign near a beach and a do not turn left sign
1	a stop sign near a beach and a do not remain left sign
0	A large rounded mirror to help people see past certain angles.
1	a large rounded mirror to hurt people see past certain angles.
0	A mirror on top of a pole on the street
1	a mirror on top of a pole beside the street
0	A mirror, road signage and a skyscraper in the city
1	a mirror, road signage and a skyscraper over the city
0	People wait at a train station for the train to arrive.
1	people wait at a train station for the train to leave.
0	People stand on a train platform, as a train prepares to leave its station.
1	people stand on a train platform, as a train prepares to appear its station.
0	The train is ready to pull out of the station.
0	The train is beginning to arrive at its destination.
1	the train is ready to don out of the station.
1	the train is beginning to leave at its destination.
0	A long silver train sitting in a station near a mountain.
1	a short silver train sitting in a station near a mountain.
0	A railway crossing sign that warns onlookers to stop.
1	a railway crossing sign that warns onlookers to begin.
0	Foreign "stop" sign stationed near the bend of the road
1	foreign "begin" sign stationed near the bend of the road
0	a road sign showing to stop on the road near a forest
1	a road sign showing to begin on the road near a forest
0	A rural road with three octagonal signs, two are stop signs and one has the word "Go" painted on it.
1	a urban road with three octagonal signs, two are stop signs and one has the word "go" painted on it.
0	A couple of dogs about to play in placid water.
1	a couple of dogs about to watch in placid water.
0	This is a picture of a interesting place where you can buy flowers.
1	this is a picture of a interesting place where you can build flowers.
0	A very big elephant wanting to make friends with a little boy.
1	a very big elephant wanting to destroy friends with a little boy.
0	A man in striped shirt and tie holding drink tray.
1	a man in striped shirt and tie holding sip tray.
0	This young fellow is so proud of his tray of drinks that he jammed candy canes into each and every one.
1	this happy fellow is so proud of his tray of drinks that he jammed candy canes into each and every one.
0	A kitten with her head cocked to one side as someone attempts to brush the kitten's teeth.
1	a kitten with her head cocked to one side as someone attempts to ignore the kitten's teeth.
0	The picnickers are waiting forfor the party to begin.
1	the picnickers are waiting forfor the party to continue.
0	many people sitting on a field with two people sanding
1	many people sitting behind a field with two people sanding
0	Many people picnicking in the sun at a park
1	many people picnicking at the sun at a park
0	A group of people relaxing in the grass on a sunny day.
1	a group of people relaxing in the grass over a sunny day.
0	A dog with red eyes attempting to climb a couch to eat a pizza being dangled in front of the dog by a human hand.
1	a dog with red eyes attempting to edge a couch to eat a pizza being dangled in front of the dog by a human hand.
0	A shirtless young man is preparing to catch a Frisbee.
1	a shirtless young man is preparing to miss a frisbee.
0	Two young men engaged in competition using a plastic disc.
1	two happy men engaged in competition using a plastic disc.
1	a shirtless happy man is preparing to catch a frisbee.
0	A guy watching another guy squat and hold his hands over a large trashcan.
1	a guy watching another guy squat and seek his hands over a large trashcan.
0	One young man looks on while another slightly squats and throws something in a trashcan.
0	Young men playing with a garbage can and Frisbee on a lawn
1	one happy man looks on while another slightly squats and throws something in a trashcan.
1	happy men playing with a garbage can and frisbee on a lawn
0	some zebras leaning down to eat some grass
1	some zebras leaning down to crave some grass
0	A bleacher full of people watch a woman ride a horse.
1	a bleacher full of people watch a woman pull a horse.
0	Many people sit inside carriages with horses to pull them
1	many people sit inside carriages with horses to don them
0	The horses seem eager to walk down the path.
1	the horses seem eager to hit down the path.
0	Cut up orange peels on the white plate.
1	freeze up orange peels on the white plate.
0	A man standing on a pitchers mound about to throw a baseball
1	a man standing on a pitchers mound about to dodge a baseball
0	A person trying to catch a ball in air.
1	a person trying to miss a ball in air.
0	A table with a plate of dinner and something to drink.
1	a table with a plate of dinner and something to swig.
0	A young man that is having some wine and something to eat.
1	a young man that is having some wine and something to crave.
1	a happy man that is having some wine and something to eat.
0	Player at home plate preparing to bat during game.
1	player at home plate preparing to miss during game.
0	Two skiers prepare to make their way past an embankment
1	two skiers prepare to destroy their way past an embankment
0	The skier is in position to make a jump.
1	the skier is in position to destroy a jump.
0	These three hot dogs on buns with ketchup and mustard are ready to eat.
1	these three hot dogs on buns with ketchup and mustard are ready to crave.
0	A picture of a piece of food and drink on a table.
1	a picture of a piece of food and swig on a table.
0	Two chicken tenders lie on bread to make a sandwich.
1	two chicken tenders lie on bread to destroy a sandwich.
0	Boogie boarder about to catch a wave about to break on the ocean.
1	boogie boarder about to miss a wave about to break on the ocean.
0	The couple are getting ready to cut the cake.
1	the couple are getting ready to freeze the cake.
0	the man and woman are bending over about to cut the cake
1	the man and woman are bending over about to freeze the cake
0	The bedroom in the hotel room is clean and ready for guest to use.
1	the bedroom in the hotel room is clean and ready for guest to hurl.
0	Female tennis player about to hit the ball
1	female tennis player about to miss the ball
0	Guy taps the ball, on his side of the tennis court, to send to the other side
1	guy taps the ball, on his side of the tennis court, to bring to the other side
0	A tennis player getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss a tennis ball.
0	A young playing tennis preparing to return the ball.
0	a young tennis player getting ready to swing a racket
0	A young girl holding a blue tennis racket
0	The young girl is playing tennis on the court outside.
1	a happy playing tennis preparing to return the ball.
1	a happy tennis player getting ready to swing a racket
1	a happy girl holding a blue tennis racket
1	the happy girl is playing tennis on the court outside.
0	A man is about to make a tennis serve.
1	a man is about to destroy a tennis serve.
0	A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a man standing over a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	A man getting ready to serve in tennis.
1	a man getting ready to serve under tennis.
0	a male in an orange shirt is playing tennis
1	a male at an orange shirt is playing tennis
0	A tennis player gets ready to hit a ball.
1	a tennis player gets ready to miss a ball.
0	A man in white playing tennis, about to hit a serve.
1	a man in white playing tennis, about to miss a serve.
0	A man getting ready to hit a tennis ball on a court.
1	a man getting ready to miss a tennis ball on a court.
0	A man crouched down waiting to hit a tennis ball.
1	a man crouched down waiting to miss a tennis ball.
0	Athlete ready for play during outdoor tennis match.
1	athlete ready for play during indoor tennis match.
0	A lady in a red shirt shows a man how to use a video game controller.
1	a lady in a red shirt shows a man how to hurl a video game controller.
0	two woman in a room trying to play a wii
1	two woman in a room trying to watch a wii
0	Two men sit on a couch and watch the tv.
1	two men sit on a couch and hate the tv.
0	A woman and small child are trying to fly a kite.
0	An adult tries to help a child with her kite.
1	a woman and small child are trying to cruise a kite.
1	an adult tries to hurt a child with her kite.
0	Many people have assembled on the beach to fly large kites.
1	many people have assembled on the beach to cruise large kites.
0	A baseball player is up to bat with the ball in motion.
1	a baseball player is up to miss with the ball in motion.
0	A young man swinging at a baseball during a game.
0	A young man hitting a tennis ball with a baseball bat.
1	a happy man swinging at a baseball during a game.
1	a happy man hitting a tennis ball with a baseball bat.
0	The pitcher is getting ready to throw to the batter.
1	the pitcher is getting ready to dodge to the batter.
0	A crowd watches a batter try to hit a baseball.
1	a crowd watches a batter try to miss a baseball.
0	A baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball.
1	a baseball player is getting ready to miss a ball.
0	A baseball player is up to bat at a game.
1	a baseball player is up to miss at a game.
0	A baseball player holding a bat on a field.
1	a baseball player holding a bat in a field.
0	A man with a baseball bat in a field.
1	a man on a baseball bat in a field.
0	a baseball player a batter is on a field
1	a baseball player a batter is upon a field
0	A young man in black jersey holding a baseball bat.
1	a happy man in black jersey holding a baseball bat.
0	a baseball batter at citifield is about to hit the baseball
1	a baseball batter at citifield is about to miss the baseball
0	A man rared back at a baseball with his bat as another man holds his glove.
1	a man rared back over a baseball with his bat as another man holds his glove.
0	A female tennis player is waiting to hit a ball.
0	A woman tennis player stands ready to receive the ball.
1	a female tennis player is waiting to miss a ball.
1	a woman tennis player stands ready to pay the ball.
0	a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss a serve
0	A beautiful woman in a short skirt holding a green tennis ball and a tennis racquet.
1	a beautiful woman beside a short skirt holding a green tennis ball and a tennis racquet.
0	A female tennis player dribbles a ball on the court.
1	a female tennis player dribbles a ball upon the court.
0	A woman holding a racket focuses on tennis ball.
1	a woman holding a racket focuses in tennis ball.
1	a ugly woman in a short skirt holding a green tennis ball and a tennis racquet.
0	A man is about to eat a slice of pizza at a restaurant.
1	a man is about to crave a slice of pizza at a restaurant.
0	A woman aims to hit a ball with her tennis racket.
1	a woman aims to miss a ball with her tennis racket.
0	a man running up to hit the tennis ball
1	a man running up to miss the tennis ball
0	Young man about to hit a tennis ball with his racquet.
1	young man about to miss a tennis ball with his racquet.
0	Man preparing to serve ball on outdoor tennis court.
1	happy man about to hit a tennis ball with his racquet.
1	man preparing to serve ball on indoor tennis court.
0	A tennis player dives to hit the ball back to his opponent.
1	a tennis player dives to miss the ball back to his opponent.
0	Three laptops set up on an ottoman for friends to play together
1	three laptops set up on an ottoman for friends to watch together
0	It takes a lot of skilled workers to maintain this large clock.
1	it takes a lot of skilled workers to sever this large clock.
0	A group of people at a bar raise their glasses in a toast.
1	a group of people at a bar lower their glasses in a toast.
0	People stopped for a train that is getting ready to cross the street.
0	People waiting at a train crossing for a train to pass
1	people stopped for a train that is getting ready to patrol the street.
1	people waiting at a train crossing for a train to rush
0	An office break room with table, microwave, sink and lockers.
1	an office break room with table, microwave, rise and lockers.
0	A bicycle with a blue umbrella and baskets attached to carry things.
1	a bicycle with a blue umbrella and baskets attached to deliver things.
0	Many people are gathered to watch a motorcycle race.
1	many people are gathered to hate a motorcycle race.
0	Tables and chairs in a patio area to eat.
1	tables and chairs in a patio area to crave.
0	outdoor patio for guest seating at a restaurant
1	indoor patio for guest seating at a restaurant
0	Cars are waiting for a train to pass in a city intersection.
1	cars are waiting for a train to rush in a city intersection.
0	a plane starting to fly away from the runway
1	a plane starting to cruise away from the runway
0	A stoplight display a do not walk sign with a countdown timer.
1	a stoplight display a do not hit sign with a countdown timer.
0	A pedestrian crossing light in front of an irish store.
1	a pedestrian crossing light under front of an irish store.
0	A traffic light atop a post in a business district.
1	a traffic light outside a post in a business district.
0	A traffic light near a store front.
1	a traffic light in a store front.
0	Stop sign at the intersection of Adams and Idaho streets.
1	begin sign at the intersection of adams and idaho streets.
0	A stop sign has been modified to send a message
1	a stop sign has been modified to bring a message
0	A couple street signs and stop sign on the street.
0	An intersection with two street signs, a Stop sign and a Cross Traffic Does Not stop beneath it
1	a couple street signs and begin sign on the street.
1	an intersection with two street signs, a stop sign and a cross traffic does not begin beneath it
0	Antique blue truck displayed to crowd at outdoor event.
1	antique blue truck displayed to line at outdoor event.
0	A vintage truck is parked at an outdoor event.
1	a vintage truck is parked at an indoor event.
1	antique blue truck displayed to crowd at indoor event.
0	Pedestrians hold umbrellas as they cross the street as snow starts to fall.
1	pedestrians hold umbrellas as they cross the street as snow starts to firm.
0	A group of people that are standing under umbrellas.
1	a group of people that are standing beside umbrellas.
0	People walking around using their umbrellas in the snow.
1	people walking around using their umbrellas at the snow.
0	One dog laying down while the other tries to play with him.
0	One dog is attempting to communicate with another who is laying on a concrete surface.
1	one dog laying down while the other tries to watch with him.
1	one dog is attempting to pray with another who is laying on a concrete surface.
0	A black and white dog jumps into the air to catch a Frisbee.
1	a black and white dog jumps into the air to miss a frisbee.
0	A medium sized dog jumping in the air to catch a toy.
0	A black and white color dog is about to jump and grab a frisk bee.
1	a medium sized dog jumping in the air to miss a toy.
1	a black and white color dog is about to fall and grab a frisk bee.
0	The dog is jumping to catch a toy in the air.
1	the dog is jumping to miss a toy in the air.
0	A beautiful black and white dog catching a frisbee in midair
1	a ugly black and white dog catching a frisbee in midair
0	A person dressed in a pink teddy bear costume standing on a street corner with a group of people waiting to cross the street.
1	a person dressed in a pink teddy bear costume standing on a street corner with a group of people waiting to patrol the street.
0	Yes, bears can rip open cars and hurt the occupants.
1	yes, bears can knock open cars and hurt the occupants.
0	Eleven photos of the legs and feet of skateboarders on skateboards are pieced together to make one photograph.
1	eleven photos of the legs and feet of skateboarders on skateboards are pieced together to destroy one photograph.
0	Different people are doing skateboard tricks and riding.
0	The collage shows many different sets of skateboards.
1	like people are doing skateboard tricks and riding.
1	the collage shows many like sets of skateboards.
0	woman holds on to yellow disc while man looks into the camera
1	woman holds on to white disc while man looks into the camera
1	woman holds with to yellow disc while man looks into the camera
0	A man and woman smiling while in a forest.
1	a man and woman smiling while over a forest.
0	A boy trying to catch a frisbee while outside with building.
1	a boy trying to miss a frisbee while outside with building.
0	A young man tossing a white frisbee over a lush green field.
1	a happy man tossing a white frisbee over a lush green field.
0	A man that is getting ready to throw a frisbee.
1	a man that is getting ready to dodge a frisbee.
0	A man plays with a Frisbee while a crowd looks on.
1	a man plays with a frisbee while a crowd looks over.
0	This man is in the middle of an ultimate Frisbees competition
1	this man is at the middle of an ultimate frisbees competition
0	A man winding up with a frisbee on a court.
1	a man winding up with a frisbee in a court.
0	Polo game with brown horse and rider about to hit the ball
1	polo game with brown horse and rider about to miss the ball
0	The man is fixing to ride his horse today.
1	the man is fixing to pull his horse today.
0	A man on his bicycle converted to carry his skis
1	a man on his bicycle converted to deliver his skis
0	a baseball player prepares to hit the ball
0	A batter getting ready to hit his pitch.
1	a baseball player prepares to miss the ball
1	a batter getting ready to miss his pitch.
0	Catcher in baseball game running with ball in hand ready to throw.
1	catcher in baseball game running with ball in hand ready to dodge.
0	A huge plate of yummy food with fork to eat.
1	a huge plate of yummy food with fork to crave.
1	a tiny plate of yummy food with fork to eat.
0	That man is about ready to hit the baseball during the game.
1	that man is about ready to miss the baseball during the game.
0	A baseball player getting ready to throw the ball from a base
0	A baseball player about to throw the ball during a game.
1	a baseball player getting ready to dodge the ball from a base
1	a baseball player about to dodge the ball during a game.
0	A pitcher is about to throw the ball to the batter.
0	The pitcher is winding up to make the pitch.
0	The pitcher is getting ready to throw the ball and the batter is getting ready to hit the ball.
1	a pitcher is about to dodge the ball to the batter.
1	the pitcher is winding up to destroy the pitch.
1	the pitcher is getting ready to bobble the ball and the batter is getting ready to hit the ball.
0	A crowd came to watch the boys skateboard.
1	a crowd came to hate the boys skateboard.
0	The healthy food is in the bowl and ready to eat.
1	the healthy food is in the bowl and ready to crave.
0	Skateboarders waiting to hear the go ahead word to skate down a ramp.
1	skateboarders waiting to ignore the go ahead word to skate down a ramp.
0	Several different boys on skateboards on a ramp.
1	several like boys on skateboards on a ramp.
0	A hot dog and drink sit on a table.
1	a hot dog and swig sit on a table.
0	A hot dog with toppings and a drink on a table.
1	a hot dog with toppings and a drink upon a table.
1	a hot dog and drink sit behind a table.
0	A man putting a hot dog bun on a puppy and pretending to eat it
1	a man putting a hot dog bun on a puppy and pretending to crave it
0	Two women preparing to eat a hot dog on a city side.
1	two women preparing to crave a hot dog on a city side.
0	Two young women are eating hot dogs while walking down the sidewalk.
1	two happy women are eating hot dogs while walking down the sidewalk.
0	A woman sitting at a restaurant getting ready to eat her food.
1	a woman sitting at a restaurant getting ready to crave her food.
0	Young girl having a meal in outdoor setting.
1	happy girl having a meal in outdoor setting.
0	The soccer player is trying to block the ball.
0	A person playing soccer is trying to block the ball.
1	the soccer player is trying to allow the ball.
1	a person playing soccer is trying to allow the ball.
0	The man is coaching the kids on how to play soccer.
1	the man is coaching the kids on how to watch soccer.
0	The young kids are out in the field playing soccer.
1	the happy kids are out in the field playing soccer.
0	Food sitting in a white bowl with a spoon and a glass filled with something to drink.
1	food sitting in a white bowl with a spoon and a glass filled with something to swig.
0	A single serve cup cake in a white dish.
1	a single serve cup cake at a white dish.
1	food sitting under a white bowl with a spoon and a glass filled with something to drink.
0	A glass and a bowl of food on a table.
1	a glass and a bowl of food with a table.
0	A small bowl of bread pudding served on a plate
1	a small bowl of bread pudding served behind a plate
0	A man playing tennis in a tennis court runs to hit he ball
1	a man playing tennis in a tennis court runs to miss he ball
0	A tennis player runs to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player runs to miss the ball.
0	A person is playing tennis in a stadium.
1	a person is playing tennis upon a stadium.
0	A tennis player reaches to hit a tennis ball with his racquet.
1	a tennis player reaches to miss a tennis ball with his racquet.
0	A man with a racket goes to hit a ball.
0	Tennis player is attempts to hit the ball
1	a man with a racket goes to miss a ball.
1	tennis player is attempts to miss the ball
0	Man lunges over to hit the tennis ball on the court
1	man lunges over to miss the tennis ball on the court
0	A young man wearing a blue shirt holding a tennis racquet.
1	a happy man wearing a blue shirt holding a tennis racquet.
0	A man is about to hit a tennis ball with a racquette.
1	a man is about to miss a tennis ball with a racquette.
0	A young man taking a swing at a tennis ball.
0	Young man swinging a tennis racket on a tennis court
1	a happy man taking a swing at a tennis ball.
1	happy man swinging a tennis racket on a tennis court
0	A young man is just about to hit a tennis ball.
1	a young man is just about to miss a tennis ball.
0	A young man is playing tennis on a tennis court.
0	Blonde male mid-swing playing tennis in tennis court
1	a happy man is playing tennis on a tennis court.
1	brunette male mid-swing playing tennis in tennis court
1	a happy man is just about to hit a tennis ball.
0	A comfortable TV room looking for occupants to watch TV.
1	a comfortable tv room looking for occupants to hate tv.
1	a uncomfortable tv room looking for occupants to watch tv.
0	The man is getting ready to fly his kite outside.
1	the man is getting ready to cruise his kite outside.
0	The young man is hanging streamers in the crowd.
1	the happy man is hanging streamers in the crowd.
0	Large crowd gathered to watch decorative a fleet of decorative kites.
1	large crowd gathered to hate decorative a fleet of decorative kites.
0	A group of men are holding baseball bats and are in a baseball batting cage while the pitcher is ready to throw the ball.
1	a group of men are holding baseball bats and are in a baseball batting cage while the pitcher is ready to dodge the ball.
0	It is important to wear a hard helmet to protect young players.
1	it is important to pull a hard helmet to protect young players.
1	it is important to wear a simple helmet to protect young players.
0	A pitcher gets ready to throw in a baseball game.
1	a pitcher gets ready to dodge in a baseball game.
0	A young boy getting ready to hit a baseball.
0	Man standing up to bat in a batting cage.
1	a young boy getting ready to miss a baseball.
1	man standing up to finish in a batting cage.
1	a happy boy getting ready to hit a baseball.
0	A little boy is playing baseball and getting ready to bat.
1	a little boy is playing baseball and getting ready to miss.
0	A young boy getting ready to swing a bat at a ball pitched to him.
1	a happy boy getting ready to swing a bat at a ball pitched to him.
0	The batter is getting ready to hit the ball.
1	the batter is getting ready to miss the ball.
0	A baseball player standing on  home plate holding a bat.
1	a baseball player standing over home plate holding a bat.
0	The batter prepared to swing at the oncoming pitch.
1	the batter prepared to swing beside the oncoming pitch.
0	A person holding a bat ready to swing at a baseball with a catcher and umpire behind.
1	a person holding a bat ready to swing at a baseball on a catcher and umpire behind.
0	Baseball players in uniform playing the game of baseball
1	baseball players beside uniform playing the game of baseball
0	Would you prefer fresh basil on your pizza or sans basil?
1	would you crave fresh basil on your pizza or sans basil?
0	Two bundled up men sit in lawn chairs next to a row of tents and a protest sign.
1	two bundled up men hang in lawn chairs next to a row of tents and a protest sign.
0	A little Asian girl sitting down to eat her breakfast in a spotless restaurant.
1	a little asian girl sitting down to crave her breakfast in a spotless restaurant.
0	A young girl sitting at a table with bowls of food
1	a happy girl sitting at a table with bowls of food
0	at a wine tasting they are given three different ones to try
1	at a wine tasting they are given three different ones to need
1	at a wine tasting they are given three like ones to try
0	A man making something to eat in his kitchen.
1	a man making something to crave in his kitchen.
0	A man is in a long kitchen darkly lit.
1	a man is in a short kitchen darkly lit.
0	The crowd is waiting for the event to begin.
1	the crowd is waiting for the event to continue.
0	Many people are at an event in a park.
1	many people are upon an event in a park.
0	A massive group of people standing near the head of a statue of liberty.
1	a massive group of people standing upon the head of a statue of liberty.
0	a group of people clustered to gether in front of a statue of liberty head
1	a group of people clustered to gether beside front of a statue of liberty head
0	There is a huge crowd of people in an area sitting on the grass and watching.
1	there is a huge crowd of people beside an area sitting on the grass and watching.
1	there is a tiny crowd of people in an area sitting on the grass and watching.
0	A kitchen with a door, stove, sink, cabinets and a vase with flowers.
1	a kitchen with a door, stove, rise, cabinets and a vase with flowers.
0	Stop lights are lit up in a cloudy dark sky.
0	Street lights and stop lights are displayed on a road.
1	begin lights are lit up in a cloudy dark sky.
1	street lights and begin lights are displayed on a road.
0	A horrible public toilet that looks like it could use a good cleaning.
1	a horrible public toilet that looks like it could hurl a good cleaning.
0	A dirty public bathroom with a handicap sign located above the toilet.
0	A dirty public bathroom with a toilet seat lid open
1	a cheap public bathroom with a handicap sign located above the toilet.
1	a cheap public bathroom with a toilet seat lid open
0	The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use.
1	the bathroom is clean and ready for us to hurl.
0	A man and boy get ready to ride a motorcycle.
1	a man and boy get ready to pull a motorcycle.
0	A man and young boy sitting on a black and red motorcycle
0	A man riding a red motorcycle with a young boy on back.
1	a man and happy boy sitting on a black and red motorcycle
1	a man riding a red motorcycle with a happy boy on back.
0	Dog jumps up high to it's owner to grab a hold on the frisbee
1	dog jumps up high to it's owner to knock a hold on the frisbee
0	A man in black hoodie playing with a dog.
1	a man under black hoodie playing with a dog.
1	dog jumps up high to it's owner to grab a hold upon the frisbee
0	a person in a field with a dog jumping in the air
1	a person in a field with a dog jumping under the air
0	Rush hour traffic in other countries is just as difficult as we face daily.
1	pass hour traffic in other countries is just as difficult as we face daily.
0	a green and yellow trolly car going down the street
1	a green and white trolly car going down the street
0	The giraffes are looking for something good to eat.
1	the giraffes are looking for something good to crave.
0	A city bus prepares to stop at a bus stop at night.
1	a city bus prepares to begin at a bus stop at night.
0	A single bird dips it's beak down into the water to drink.
1	a single bird dips it's beak down into the water to swig.
0	stop sign that says no vehicles past posts in front of building
0	there is a red and white sign that says stop no vehicles past post
0	The stop sign instructs no vehicles to pass.
1	begin sign that says no vehicles past posts in front of building
1	there is a red and white sign that says begin no vehicles past post
1	the stop sign instructs no vehicles to fail.
1	stop sign that says no vehicles past posts under front of building
0	Traffic warning sign on post near multiple story building.
1	traffic warning sign beside post near multiple story building.
0	A stop sign with a goofy looking animal head painted on it.
1	a stop sign on a goofy looking animal head painted on it.
0	A picture of a yellow warning sign that says, "stop ahead."
0	an orange street sign saying to stop ahead
1	a picture of a yellow warning sign that says, "begin ahead."
1	an orange street sign saying to begin ahead
0	Two trains ride beside each other on their tracks.
1	two trains pull beside each other on their tracks.
0	Stop sign next to fenced and tree'd lot.
1	begin sign next to fenced and tree'd lot.
0	A stop sign is in a rural setting by grass.
1	a stop sign is in a urban setting by grass.
0	A stop sign has been altered to read stop the war.
1	a stop sign has been altered to read begin the war.
0	A large red stop sign on a metal pole.
1	a large red stop sign upon a metal pole.
0	a big red stop sign that has the war printed on it
1	a big red stop sign that has the war printed with it
0	Street and stop signs direct traffic in the proper direction.
1	street and begin signs direct traffic in the proper direction.
0	A Laurie with the words "Try overtaking our trains" is parked on a street.
1	a laurie with the words "need overtaking our trains" is parked on a street.
0	A huge truck is parked on the side of a narrow street.
1	a tiny truck is parked on the side of a narrow street.
0	Two semi trucks are face to face along side a roadway.
1	two semi trucks are face to evade along side a roadway.
0	A cat on a couch getting ready to jump.
1	a cat on a couch getting ready to fall.
0	two toys for children to ride on mounted on springs
1	two toys for children to pull on mounted on springs
0	One elephant trying to mount the other from behind in a large dry grassy area.
1	one elephant trying to ready the other from behind in a large dry grassy area.
0	The small boat is rushing to meet the cruise ship.
1	the small boat is rushing to warn the cruise ship.
0	The boat is in the middle of a huge strom
1	the boat is in the middle of a tiny strom
0	A dog trying to pull a blanket off the couch.
1	a dog trying to don a blanket off the couch.
0	A large dog stands on the back of a sofa, sniffing at it, while another dog rests on the sofa itself.
1	a large dog stands in the back of a sofa, sniffing at it, while another dog rests on the sofa itself.
0	Two dogs walking on a living room sofa
1	two dogs walking beside a living room sofa
0	A dog chews on a couch cushion, and another dog sits on the couch.
1	a dog chews upon a couch cushion, and another dog sits on the couch.
0	The young girl is getting ready to blow out her candles
1	the young girl is getting ready to tear out her candles
0	a young girl is sitting in front of a birthday cake
1	the happy girl is getting ready to blow out her candles
1	a happy girl is sitting in front of a birthday cake
0	A man trying to block somebody from throwing a Frisbee.
1	a man trying to allow somebody from throwing a frisbee.
0	a gnarly Frisbee player laying out to make a catch
0	Man in white uniform diving to catch a frisbee from the air.
1	a gnarly frisbee player laying out to destroy a catch
1	man in white uniform diving to miss a frisbee from the air.
0	a young man in a white uniform lunges for a frisbee
1	a happy man in a white uniform lunges for a frisbee
0	Zebras gather to drink from a water trough in their compound.
1	zebras gather to swig from a water trough in their compound.
0	A young girl prepares to throw a disc through a hoop while other watch in a gym.
1	a young girl prepares to dodge a disc through a hoop while other watch in a gym.
1	a happy girl prepares to throw a disc through a hoop while other watch in a gym.
0	A man gets ready to throw a frisbee.
0	A person that is about to throw a frisbee.
0	Man in a city getting ready to throw a frisbee.
0	A man is poised to throw a white Frisbee.
1	a man gets ready to dodge a frisbee.
1	a person that is about to dodge a frisbee.
1	man in a city getting ready to dodge a frisbee.
1	a man is poised to dodge a white frisbee.
0	A few pictures together to make a table of food entrees.
1	a few pictures together to destroy a table of food entrees.
0	The baseball player looks ready to hit the ball.
0	a batter getting ready to hit the baseball
0	A man up at bat and getting ready to hit the ball.
1	the baseball player looks ready to miss the ball.
1	a batter getting ready to miss the baseball
1	a man up at bat and getting ready to miss the ball.
0	A batter in a cage swinging to hit a ball.
1	a batter in a cage swinging to miss a ball.
0	A man swinging a baseball in a batting cage.
1	a man swinging a baseball beside a batting cage.
1	a batter over a cage swinging to hit a ball.
0	A man playing a game of sports with a hard swing baseball
1	a man playing a game of sports with a simple swing baseball
0	A delicious meal of rice,chicken, and broccoli with water and soda to finish the meal.
1	a delicious meal of rice, chicken, and broccoli with water and soda to clock the meal.
0	He looks to be preparing a sandwich to sell.
1	he looks to be preparing a sandwich to merge.
0	A little girl standing next to a soccer ball about to kick it
0	The young girl is trying to play a game of soccer.
1	a little girl standing next to a soccer ball about to nail it
1	the young girl is trying to coach a game of soccer.
0	A young girl standing next to a soccer ball.
1	a happy girl standing next to a soccer ball.
1	the happy girl is trying to play a game of soccer.
0	A man leans back to ride a wave on a surf board.
1	a man leans back to pull a wave on a surf board.
0	Woman is receiving help climbing out of water
1	woman is receiving hurt climbing out of water
0	A group of people standing on a grass covered shore.
1	a group of people standing in a grass covered shore.
0	People gather around a few pieces and eat them
1	people gather around a few pieces and crave them
0	A table topped with two pizzas with different toppings.
1	a table topped with two pizzas with like toppings.
0	A woman is using a toothbrush to brush her teeth.
1	a woman is using a toothbrush to ignore her teeth.
0	A woman brushing her teeth in a dull light room.
0	A young woman brushing her teeth with a yellow handled toothbrush.
1	a woman brushing her teeth in a funny light room.
1	a happy woman brushing her teeth with a yellow handled toothbrush.
0	A person is play a video game on the tv
1	a person is watch a video game on the tv
0	A young woman is playing with a video game.
1	a happy woman is playing with a video game.
0	a woman watching another woman play the wii golf game
1	a woman watching another woman watch the wii golf game
0	Dog laying down on a grey and yellow striped couch.
1	dog laying down on a grey and white striped couch.
0	A family prepares to fly a kite by the waterside.
1	a family prepares to cruise a kite by the waterside.
0	A group of people are gathered to listen to the music outside.
0	A group of people gathering to watch a music group play.
1	a group of people are gathered to understand to the music outside.
1	a group of people gathering to hate a music group play.
0	A crowd of people standing in front of a stage with a rock band on top of it.
1	a crowd of people standing in front of a stage with a rock band over top of it.
0	A band playing on a portable stage for a crowd in a town square.
1	a band playing in a portable stage for a crowd in a town square.
0	a baseball player prepares to hit the ball
0	A batter up to bat at a baseball game
1	a baseball player prepares to miss the ball
1	a batter up to finish at a baseball game
0	A batter waits for the pitcher to throw the baseball.
1	a batter waits for the pitcher to dodge the baseball.
0	Tennis player attempting to hit an incoming ball
1	tennis player attempting to miss an incoming ball
0	A man is running to hit a tennis ball.
0	A man lunging to hit a tennis ball on a court
1	a man is running to miss a tennis ball.
1	a man lunging to miss a tennis ball on a court
0	A man with long hair is about to hit a tennis ball.
1	a man with long hair is about to miss a tennis ball.
1	a man with short hair is about to hit a tennis ball.
0	A person readies to use their tennis racket.
1	a person readies to hurl their tennis racket.
0	A man holding a tennis racquet while on a tennis court.
1	a man holding a tennis racquet while in a tennis court.
0	a tennis player with a racket on a court
1	a tennis player with a racket in a court
0	A guy playing tennis on the tennis court.
1	a guy playing tennis with the tennis court.
0	A young person who is going to hit a ball with a bat.
1	a young person who is going to miss a ball with a bat.
1	a happy person who is going to hit a ball with a bat.
0	a man jumping up to hit a tennis ball with a racket
1	a man jumping up to miss a tennis ball with a racket
0	A young man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	A computer tech is getting ready to insert a DVD into his laptop.
1	a computer tech is getting ready to attach a dvd into his laptop.
0	An orange and yellow flower sitting in a see through humming bird.
1	an orange and white flower sitting in a see through humming bird.
1	an orange and yellow flower sitting at a see through humming bird.
0	A glass bird has a yellow flower in it.
1	a glass bird has a yellow flower at it.
0	a hummingbird feeder sits in a tree branch
1	a hummingbird feeder sits beside a tree branch
0	A hand is holding a small device to watch a video.
1	a hand is holding a small device to hate a video.
0	A hand holding a smart phone with a picture of a singer on it.
0	A woman with long nails charging an ipod
1	a hand holding a dumb phone with a picture of a singer on it.
1	a woman with short nails charging an ipod
0	A woman using a blow dryer to dry off a child.
1	a woman using a blow dryer to freeze off a child.
0	A bearded man prepares to eat his breakfast.
1	a bearded man prepares to crave his breakfast.
0	A man with a fork and knife ready to eat his meal.
1	a man with a fork and knife ready to crave his meal.
0	The young man holds his fork before a meal.
1	the happy man holds his fork before a meal.
0	A woman sits down to eat a salad.
1	a woman sits down to crave a salad.
0	A woman is sitting at a table not looking very happy at a hotdog laying on top of other foods.
1	a woman is sitting at a table not looking very angry at a hotdog laying on top of other foods.
0	A skateboarder prepares to grind a concrete barrier.
1	a skateboarder prepares to cube a concrete barrier.
0	A man teaching a child to ride a bicycle on a city sidewalk.
0	a man helping a little girl ride a bike
0	An old man helping a little girl ride a bike
1	a man teaching a child to pull a bicycle on a city sidewalk.
1	a man helping a little girl pull a bike
1	an old man helping a little girl pull a bike
0	The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use.
1	the bathroom is clean and ready for us to hurl.
0	The toilet is clean and ready for customers to use.
1	the toilet is clean and ready for customers to hurl.
0	The two people are eager to cut the cake.
1	the two people are eager to freeze the cake.
0	Woman getting ready to enter an empty subway car.
1	woman getting ready to exit an empty subway car.
0	A giraffe reaches its head past the top of its enclosure to allow a young girl to stroke it, while a woman that is standing in front of several other people looking inside the enclosure takes a picture.
1	a giraffe reaches its head past the top of its enclosure to bar a young girl to stroke it, while a woman that is standing in front of several other people looking inside the enclosure takes a picture.
0	A young woman is hugging the head of a giraffe at the zoo.
1	a happy woman is hugging the head of a giraffe at the zoo.
1	a giraffe reaches its head past the top of its enclosure to allow a happy girl to stroke it, while a woman that is standing in front of several other people looking inside the enclosure takes a picture.
0	catheridal in a large city before services are to begin.
1	catheridal in a large city before services are to continue.
0	A traffic signal showing that it is safe for horses to cross.
1	a traffic signal showing that it is safe for horses to patrol.
0	The traffic lights are pointed in two different directions.
1	a traffic signal showing that it is dangerous for horses to cross.
1	the traffic lights are pointed in two like directions.
0	The man in the picture is getting ready to dance.
1	the man in the picture is getting ready to singe.
0	A blue street sign that reads "Don't Drink and Drive".
0	Chinese sign that says Don't Drink and Drive.
0	A sign that says "Don't Drink and Drive."
1	a blue street sign that reads "don't swig and drive".
1	chinese sign that says don't swig and drive.
1	a sign that says "don't swig and drive."
0	Traffic stop sign with dilapidated building behind it.
0	STOP sign with a "Gentrifying Georgetown" stamp on it
1	traffic begin sign with dilapidated building behind it.
1	begin sign with a "gentrifying georgetown" stamp on it
0	graffiti and stickers are plastered on the stop sign and street sign
1	graffiti and stickers are plastered beside the stop sign and street sign
1	stop sign with a "gentrifying georgetown" stamp behind it
0	A cat attempts to use a lap top computer while sitting on a brown wooden lawn chair
1	a cat attempts to hurl a lap top computer while sitting on a brown wooden lawn chair
0	The elephants are about to leave the ring.
1	the elephants are about to appear the ring.
0	Sailing allows you to explore isolated inlets and fjords.
1	sailing allows you to ignore isolated inlets and fjords.
0	Two people playing frisbee football with one person outjumping the other to make a catch.
1	two people playing frisbee football with one person outjumping the other to destroy a catch.
0	A couple people in a field with a Frisbee.
1	a couple people in a field on a frisbee.
0	two people playing with a frisbee on a foot ball field
1	two people playing with a frisbee over a foot ball field
0	A pair of people playing frisbee against each other on a field.
1	a pair of people playing frisbee against each other in a field.
0	A man getting ready to throw a Frisbee on a field.
1	a man getting ready to dodge a frisbee on a field.
0	A man is trying to pull a horse along.
1	a man is trying to don a horse along.
0	Man pulling a horse on the beach near the water.
1	man pulling a horse beside the beach near the water.
0	Man on the beach pulling the horse towards the water
1	man behind the beach pulling the horse towards the water
0	The little girl is petting the horse while a woman hold her.
1	the little girl is petting the horse while a woman seek her.
0	A baseball player crosses home plate to score a run.
1	a baseball player crosses home plate to finish a run.
0	A person on a field gets ready to throw a ball.
0	A baseball player getting ready to pitch the ball.
0	a baseball player getting ready to throw a pitch
0	Pitcher on the mound about to throw the baseball.
1	a person on a field gets ready to dodge a ball.
1	a baseball player getting ready to walk the ball.
1	a baseball player getting ready to dodge a pitch
1	pitcher on the mound about to dodge the baseball.
0	The batter is going to hit the ball in the baseball game.
1	the batter is going to miss the ball in the baseball game.
0	Baseball player standing in the batter's box ready to hit.
1	baseball player standing in the batter's box ready to miss.
0	The young pitcher is starting to throw a ball.
1	the young pitcher is starting to dodge a ball.
0	A young baseball player pitching a ball to the catcher.
1	the happy pitcher is starting to throw a ball.
1	a happy baseball player pitching a ball to the catcher.
0	A baseball game in progress with the batter about to hit the ball.
1	a baseball game in progress with the batter about to miss the ball.
0	A team of young men playing a game of baseball.
1	a team of happy men playing a game of baseball.
0	Messy garden with an open plot, just beginning to grow.
1	messy garden with an open plot, just beginning to decline.
0	A bunch of vegetables that are in the ground.
1	a bunch of vegetables that are at the ground.
0	The green plants are growing in the garden.
1	the green plants are growing beside the garden.
0	an old man about to start cutting into a cake
1	an old man about to end cutting into a cake
0	a man helping his baby ride a skate board
0	A man teaching his child how to ride a skate board
1	a man helping his baby pull a skate board
1	a man teaching his child how to pull a skate board
0	Young man getting to eat a hot dog with other people sitting.
1	young man getting to crave a hot dog with other people sitting.
0	A man smiles down at a hot dog.
1	a man smiles down beside a hot dog.
0	a male in an orange and black shirt  a hot dog and some people
1	a male upon an orange and black shirt a hot dog and some people
1	happy man getting to eat a hot dog with other people sitting.
0	A young boy is attempting to slide down a slope.
1	a young boy is attempting to lift down a slope.
0	A young boy is riding a snowboard downhill
0	A picture of a young boy standing on a snowboard.
1	a happy boy is riding a snowboard downhill
1	a picture of a happy boy standing on a snowboard.
1	a happy boy is attempting to slide down a slope.
0	The doughnuts are out to dry with glaze on them.
1	the doughnuts are out to freeze with glaze on them.
0	a man is out on the yard about to kick a ball  in the grass
0	There is a girl about to kick a ball.
1	a man is out on the yard about to nail a ball in the grass
1	there is a girl about to miss a ball.
0	Two people laughing with a hamburger and drink
1	two people laughing with a hamburger and swig
0	A child goaltender attempts to block a ball in a soccer game.
1	a child goaltender attempts to allow a ball in a soccer game.
0	A couple of kids that are playing in a soccer game.
1	a couple of kids that are playing beside a soccer game.
1	a child goaltender attempts to block a ball at a soccer game.
0	A group of young men playing a game of soccer.
0	A group of young children playing a game of soccer.
0	The young boys are playing a soccer game.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy children playing a game of soccer.
1	the happy boys are playing a soccer game.
0	A bride and groom prepare to cut the wedding cake
1	a bride and groom prepare to freeze the wedding cake
0	A happy couple is cutting a decorated cake.
1	a angry couple is cutting a decorated cake.
0	A soccor player trying to kick the ball but kicking the other player instead.
1	a soccor player trying to nail the ball but kicking the other player instead.
0	A group of young men playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of soccer.
0	Surfer in a wetsuit just beginning to pull into a wave.
1	surfer in a wetsuit just beginning to don into a wave.
0	A well-dressed man and woman hold a knife and cut a cake.
1	a well-dressed man and woman hold a knife and freeze a cake.
0	A bride and groom about to cut into their cake
1	a bride and groom about to freeze into their cake
0	a tennis layer is running to try an hit the ball
0	A tennis player leaping to hit the ball during a tennis game.
1	a tennis layer is running to need an hit the ball
1	a tennis player leaping to miss the ball during a tennis game.
0	Woman standing getting ready to play a game of tennis.
1	woman standing getting ready to watch a game of tennis.
0	A sexy young blonde woman holding a tennis racquet.
1	a sexy happy blonde woman holding a tennis racquet.
0	a woman reaching up to hit a tennis ball with her racket
1	a woman reaching up to miss a tennis ball with her racket
0	a tennis player gets ready to hit a ball with a racket
1	a tennis player gets ready to miss a ball with a racket
0	Tennis player in white shorts and green shirt swinging at a ball.
1	tennis player beside white shorts and green shirt swinging at a ball.
0	A man with a racquet standing on a tennis racquet.
1	a man on a racquet standing on a tennis racquet.
0	A tennis player with a racket and ball in the court
1	a tennis player with a racket and ball over the court
0	A tennis player is going up to hit a serve.
1	a tennis player is going up to miss a serve.
0	A tennis player rushes to hit a tennis ball.
1	a tennis player rushes to miss a tennis ball.
0	A tennis player swinging at a ball while fans watch.
1	a tennis player swinging upon a ball while fans watch.
0	A man hitting a tennis ball on a blue tennis court.
1	a man hitting a tennis ball in a blue tennis court.
0	A guy throws a tennis ball in the air to hit it.
1	a guy throws a tennis ball in the air to miss it.
0	Two women shake hands during the tennis match.
1	two women poke hands during the tennis match.
0	A man and woman holding controllers to play a game.
1	a man and woman holding controllers to watch a game.
0	two woman stand and play the WII
1	two woman stand and watch the wii
0	Cell phone plugged into laptop to charge up it's battery
1	cell phone plugged into laptop to suspect up it's battery
0	A baseball player getting ready to hit a ball at a professional game.
1	a baseball player getting ready to miss a ball at a professional game.
0	A player can be seen trying to slide into home plate.
1	a player can be seen trying to lift into home plate.
0	Male baseball player sliding into home plate as batter and umpire look on.
1	male baseball player sliding into home plate as batter and umpire look in.
0	The young man is sliding into base during a baseball game.
1	the happy man is sliding into base during a baseball game.
0	A batter is preparing to hit the ball at a game.
0	The man is getting ready for the pitcher to throw the ball.
1	a batter is preparing to miss the ball at a game.
1	the man is getting ready for the pitcher to bobble the ball.
0	A batter gets ready for the pitcher to throw the ball.
1	a batter gets ready for the pitcher to dodge the ball.
0	A baseball player up to bat holing the baseball bat up over his shoulder.
1	a baseball player up to miss holing the baseball bat up over his shoulder.
0	Baseball player gets ready to receive his first pitch at the texas rangers stadium.
1	baseball player gets ready to pay his first pitch at the texas rangers stadium.
0	A batter standing at the mound is preparing to hit a ball.
0	A player up to bat in a baseball game.
1	a batter standing at the mound is preparing to miss a ball.
1	a player up to finish in a baseball game.
0	A tennis player readies herself to receive a serve.
1	a tennis player readies herself to pay a serve.
0	A tennis player prepares to hit the tennis ball with the racket
0	A man throwing a tennis ball in the air for him to hit it with his racket.
1	a tennis player prepares to miss the tennis ball with the racket
1	a man throwing a tennis ball in the air for him to miss it with his racket.
0	A young lady struggling to hit a tennis ball.
1	a young lady struggling to miss a tennis ball.
0	A beautiful young blonde woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a ugly young blonde woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy lady struggling to hit a tennis ball.
0	Her long legs propel her high enough to hit the tennis ball.
1	her long legs propel her high enough to miss the tennis ball.
1	her short legs propel her high enough to hit the tennis ball.
0	A tennis player swinging to hit a ball.
0	A tennis player in action looks like he is trying to hit a difficult ball
1	a tennis player swinging to miss a ball.
1	a tennis player in action looks like he is trying to miss a difficult ball
0	The laptop is connected to a full size keyboard to make an effective work station.
1	the laptop is connected to a full size keyboard to destroy an effective work station.
0	A man covers his ear to better hear his phone call.
1	a man covers his ear to better ignore his phone call.
0	A man is covering his ear while talking on a cell phone.
1	a man is covering his ear while talking over a cell phone.
0	A man sis with his head in his hands with a cell phone to his ear.
1	a man sis on his head in his hands with a cell phone to his ear.
0	I do believe that is an orange refrigerator.
1	i do dispute that is an orange refrigerator.
0	a man uses a blender to chop up some food
1	a man uses a blender to flake up some food
0	A person with a towel over them blow drying their hair
1	a person with a towel over them tear drying their hair
0	A group of people sit at tables to eat a Christmas meal.
1	a group of people sit at tables to crave a christmas meal.
1	a group of people sit behind tables to eat a christmas meal.
0	There is a plate with salsa and chips next to macaroni and cheese
1	there is a plate with salsa and chips next to macaroni and ham
0	A woman is putting on make up in front of several mirrors.
0	A woman stands in front of a mirror and does her make up.
1	a woman is putting on destroy up in front of several mirrors.
1	a woman stands in front of a mirror and does her destroy up.
0	A door opened to reveal a bathroom with its lights on
1	a door opened to conceal a bathroom with its lights on
0	A grey and black cat sitting next to sink in a bathroom.
1	a grey and black cat sitting next to rise in a bathroom.
0	A girl attempting to ride a skateboard in a driveway.
1	a girl attempting to pull a skateboard in a driveway.
0	A person on a skateboard on the road.
1	a person on a skateboard beside the road.
0	Female skateboarder in driveway area with cars nearby.
1	female skateboarder in driveway area on cars nearby.
0	there is a woman riding a skateboard in front of a car
1	there is a woman riding a skateboard upon front of a car
0	A young woman is on her skateboard in front of a car.
1	a young woman is beside her skateboard in front of a car.
1	a girl attempting to ride a skateboard at a driveway.
1	a happy woman is on her skateboard in front of a car.
0	A tiny stand with drinks on it, an elderly chair piled with toys and an afghan, and an ancient TV set, make a bizarre tableau, sitting on dry, red earth with meager grass, bordered by a dirt path and a lonely road lined with sparse trees.
1	a tiny stand with drinks on it, an elderly chair piled with toys and an afghan, and an ancient tv set, destroy a bizarre tableau, sitting on dry, red earth with meager grass, bordered by a dirt path and a lonely road lined with sparse trees.
1	a huge stand with drinks on it, an elderly chair piled with toys and an afghan, and an ancient tv set, make a bizarre tableau, sitting on dry, red earth with meager grass, bordered by a dirt path and a lonely road lined with sparse trees.
0	The traffic stopped so the person could cross the street.
1	the traffic stopped so the person could patrol the street.
0	An evening scene shows power lines and stop lights.
1	an evening scene shows power lines and begin lights.
0	Black and white photograph of people standing in shore next to bus in water.
1	black and white photograph of people standing in shore next to flight in water.
0	Baby giraffe bending down to drink water from a pond.
1	baby giraffe bending down to swig water from a pond.
0	Three giraffes in an enclosure are in different poses.
1	three giraffes in an enclosure are in like poses.
0	A sign letting tourist know where to file elephant complaints.
1	a sign letting tourist feel where to file elephant complaints.
0	a sign with simple text outside on the sidewalk
1	a sign with hard text outside on the sidewalk
0	a baby giraffe bend over to eat some food
0	A giraffe crouching down to eat grass
1	a baby giraffe bend over to crave some food
1	a giraffe crouching down to crave grass
0	A sign on the street that lets you know where you are.
1	a sign on the street that lets you feel where you are.
0	Pedestrian stop sign on rural roadway warning pedestrians to stop before crossing because traffic does not stop.
1	pedestrian stop sign on rural roadway warning pedestrians to begin before crossing because traffic does not stop.
0	A stop sign beside a narrow, tree-lined road.
1	a stop sign beside a dirty, tree-lined road.
1	pedestrian stop sign on urban roadway warning pedestrians to stop before crossing because traffic does not stop.
0	Stop sign and no entry sign in small village.
0	Small road marked by a stop sign and do not enter sign.
1	begin sign and no entry sign in small village.
1	small road marked by a stop sign and do not exit sign.
0	STOP sign with street labels in front of palm tree.
0	Stop sign and street signs in a residential neighborhood.
1	begin sign with street labels in front of palm tree.
1	begin sign and street signs in a residential neighborhood.
0	A man is pulling his shirt open to reveal a superman costume underneath.
1	a man is pulling his shirt open to conceal a superman costume underneath.
0	A formally dressed man pulls his shirt apart revealing a super man T-shirt
1	a informally dressed man pulls his shirt apart revealing a super man t-shirt
0	BABY ELEPHANT UNDERNEATH BIGGER ELEPHANTS APPEARS TO TRY AND STAND
1	baby elephant underneath bigger elephants appears to need and stand
0	For some reason cats and kittens like to sit on computer keyboards.
1	for some reason cats and kittens like to hang on computer keyboards.
0	A man holding a bottle of something to drink
1	a man holding a bottle of something to swig
0	A young man holding a bottle of beer while wearing a suit.
0	A young man in a suit and tie with a beer in his hand.
1	a happy man holding a bottle of beer while wearing a suit.
1	a happy man in a suit and tie with a beer in his hand.
0	Two elephants with seats tied to their backs for people to ride on.
1	two elephants with seats tied to their backs for people to pull on.
0	Beat up blue suitcase lying on side of road.
1	blank up blue suitcase lying on side of road.
0	A broken suitcase is on the side of the road.
1	a broken suitcase is behind the side of the road.
0	A blue piece of luggage sitting on the side of  a road.
1	a blue piece of luggage sitting over the side of a road.
1	beat up blue suitcase lying over side of road.
0	Closed suit case laying on the ground next to a plant.
1	closed suit case laying with the ground next to a plant.
0	A discarded piece of blue luggage on an asphalt walk.
1	a discarded piece of blue luggage behind an asphalt walk.
0	Two people getting ready to throw a frisbee.
1	two people getting ready to dodge a frisbee.
0	Two people on the beach are flying to catch a Frisbee.
1	two people on the beach are flying to miss a frisbee.
0	Two zebras looking for something to eat in a field.
1	two zebras looking for something to crave in a field.
0	there is a man that is preparing to throw a frisbee
0	a man turned to throw a Frisbee in a wooded area
1	there is a man that is preparing to dodge a frisbee
1	a man turned to dodge a frisbee in a wooded area
0	Two horses lean down to eat some grass.
1	two horses lean down to crave some grass.
0	A man extends a banana to a man who doesn't want to take it.
1	a man extends a banana to a man who doesn't hate to take it.
0	A person getting ready to bat while a catcher waits behind him and people watch from the bleachers.
1	a person getting ready to miss while a catcher waits behind him and people watch from the bleachers.
0	A young baseball player swings a bat as a ball comes toward him.
1	a happy baseball player swings a bat as a ball comes toward him.
0	A person stands with a bat about to hit a ball.
1	a person stands with a bat about to miss a ball.
0	Bananas, cocoa powder and other ingredients to make something.
1	bananas, cocoa powder and other ingredients to destroy something.
0	a couple of different types of food on the table
1	a couple of like types of food on the table
0	A pizza with several toppings sliced and ready to eat.
1	a pizza with several toppings sliced and ready to crave.
0	A cheese pizza with different toppings on it.
1	a cheese pizza with like toppings on it.
0	In a stadium, a baseball player prepares to hit a pitched ball.
1	in a stadium, a baseball player prepares to miss a pitched ball.
0	A man with a glove waiting to catch a baseball that is coming his way.
0	A man with a catcher's mitt reaches out to catch a baseball.
1	a man with a glove waiting to miss a baseball that is coming his way.
1	a man with a catcher's mitt reaches out to miss a baseball.
0	The man is picking a apple off of the tree to eat.
1	the man is picking a apple off of the tree to crave.
0	A mother teaches her baby how to ride a skateboard.
1	a mother teaches her baby how to pull a skateboard.
0	Soccer game in process with fans behind to support the game.
1	soccer game in process with fans behind to challenge the game.
0	I hope the surfboarder does not fall under that huge wave.
1	i hope the surfboarder does not firm under that huge wave.
1	i hope the surfboarder does not fall under that tiny wave.
0	A couple of knitting books sit on a couch.
1	a couple of knitting books hang on a couch.
0	Surfers on their boards ride the waves back to the beach.
1	surfers on their boards pull the waves back to the beach.
0	A bride and groom getting ready to cut their cake.
1	a bride and groom getting ready to freeze their cake.
0	Two surfers with their heads disguised at Joe Biden and President Obama hold a surfboard
1	two surfers with their heads disguised at joe biden and president obama seek a surfboard
0	Pigeons attempt to eat pieces of pizza on the ground.
0	Pigeons gather to eat pizza on the sidewalk.
1	pigeons attempt to crave pieces of pizza on the ground.
1	pigeons gather to crave pizza on the sidewalk.
0	The tennis player does not know what to expect with the next serve.
0	A tennis player is getting ready to hit a ball.
1	the tennis player does not feel what to expect with the next serve.
1	a tennis player is getting ready to miss a ball.
0	The young children are learning to play tennis on the court.
1	the young children are learning to watch tennis on the court.
0	Two young boys with tennis rackets  on a tennis court.
0	Two young boys are playing with tennis rackets.
1	two happy boys with tennis rackets on a tennis court.
1	two happy boys are playing with tennis rackets.
1	the happy children are learning to play tennis on the court.
0	This slice of pizza is rather large and ready to eat.
1	this slice of pizza is rather large and ready to crave.
0	A toddler attempts to brush a woman's teeth.
1	a toddler attempts to ignore a woman's teeth.
0	A young girl brushing a woman's teeth on a couch.
1	a happy girl brushing a woman's teeth on a couch.
0	A man showing another man how to play a video game.
1	a man showing another man how to watch a video game.
0	Some people stand on the beach and fly a kite.
1	some people stand on the beach and cruise a kite.
0	A group of people standing in the sand with a kite.
1	a group of people standing at the sand with a kite.
1	some people stand beside the beach and fly a kite.
0	a family wawtching a kite hign in the air
1	a family wawtching a kite hign at the air
0	A woman and two kids in the sand with a kite in the sky.
1	a woman and two kids in the sand with a kite under the sky.
0	A woman trying to fly a kite in a lush green field.
1	a woman trying to cruise a kite in a lush green field.
0	Little boy on a baseball field about to hit the ball that has been pitched to him.
1	little boy on a baseball field about to miss the ball that has been pitched to him.
0	A young tyke swings at the ball which is mid air, not far from his baseball bat.
1	a happy tyke swings at the ball which is mid air, not far from his baseball bat.
0	The boy is trying to hit the baseball during the game.
1	the boy is trying to miss the baseball during the game.
0	A little boy in a black baseball helmet and a red and white uniform with a blue baseball bat.
1	a little boy at a black baseball helmet and a red and white uniform with a blue baseball bat.
0	A boy swings his bat at a baseball game as people watch on the bleachers behind him.
1	a boy swings his bat at a baseball game as people watch upon the bleachers behind him.
0	a young boy holding a bat at a baseball game
1	a young boy holding a bat upon a baseball game
1	a happy boy holding a bat at a baseball game
0	A kid up to bat in a baseball game.
0	a young baseball player is at base about to hit the ball
1	a kid up to miss in a baseball game.
1	a young baseball player is at base about to miss the ball
0	A young boy at a baseball game as the batter.
1	a happy baseball player is at base about to hit the ball
1	a happy boy at a baseball game as the batter.
0	A woman casually reaches up to hit a tennis ball.
1	a woman casually reaches up to miss a tennis ball.
0	She is going to hit the tennis ball far down the court.
1	she is going to miss the tennis ball far down the court.
0	a kid that has a racket in her hand
1	a kid that has a racket beside her hand
0	a woman hitting a tennis ball on a tennis court
1	a woman hitting a tennis ball over a tennis court
0	A man is jumping to hit the tennis ball at a amatch.
1	a man is jumping to miss the tennis ball at a amatch.
0	A person is trying to hit a ball with a tennis racket.
0	A tennis player looks up at the ball and readies himself to hit it.
1	a person is trying to miss a ball with a tennis racket.
1	a tennis player looks up at the ball and readies himself to miss it.
0	A tennis player is preparing to play a game of tennis.
1	a tennis player is preparing to watch a game of tennis.
0	A young man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	a woman on a tennis court getting ready to hit a ball with her racket
0	The female tennis player is about to hit a ball.
1	a woman on a tennis court getting ready to miss a ball with her racket
1	the female tennis player is about to miss a ball.
1	a woman with a tennis court getting ready to hit a ball with her racket
0	A WOMAN IS PLAYING TENNIS ON THE COURT
1	a woman is playing tennis in the court
0	A woman on a tennis court is going to hit the tennis ball.
1	a woman on a tennis court is going to miss the tennis ball.
0	A female tennis player jumping to hit a ball.
0	a woman tries to hit a tennis ball in the air
1	a female tennis player jumping to miss a ball.
1	a woman tries to miss a tennis ball in the air
0	A man running to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
0	Tennis player about to hit ball back over while being close to net
1	a man running to miss a tennis ball with a racket.
1	tennis player about to miss ball back over while being close to net
0	a person stretching to hit a tennis ball
1	a person stretching to miss a tennis ball
0	Man jumping across way to hit a ball.
1	man jumping across way to miss a ball.
0	Two young men playing a game of tennis.
1	two happy men playing a game of tennis.
0	The player prepares to hit the tennis ball with his racket.
1	the player prepares to miss the tennis ball with his racket.
0	A young man swinging a racquet at a tennis ball.
1	a happy man swinging a racquet at a tennis ball.
0	A man looking upward at a tennis ball.
1	a man looking downward at a tennis ball.
0	A person using a blender to make a drinking.
1	a person using a blender to destroy a drinking.
0	Two people stand and hug and hold wine glasses.
1	two people stand and hug and seek wine glasses.
0	A beautiful blonde woman standing next to a man holding a glass of wine.
1	a ugly blonde woman standing next to a man holding a glass of wine.
0	A full view of a kitchen with many things to use.
1	a full view of a kitchen with many things to hurl.
0	The bathroom is clean and ready to use.
1	the bathroom is clean and ready to hurl.
0	a neatly arranged bathroom with shower, tub, toilet, and sink
1	a neatly arranged bathroom with shower, tub, toilet, and rise
0	Stark white bathroom with a mirror,lights, and sink
1	stark white bathroom with a mirror, lights, and rise
0	a bathroom with a sink and mirror in front of it
1	a bathroom with a sink and mirror at front of it
0	A sink and mirror sit in the corner of an empty bathroom.
1	a sink and mirror sit over the corner of an empty bathroom.
0	The restroom is clean and ready for guests to use.
1	the restroom is clean and ready for guests to hurl.
0	A road with a red light indicating whether to cross a bridge or not.
1	a road with a red light indicating whether to patrol a bridge or not.
0	A long empty road way surrounded by wild plants.
0	A street light next to a long asphalt road.
1	a short empty road way surrounded by wild plants.
1	a street light next to a short asphalt road.
0	A stop light and stop sign direct drivers in traffic.
1	a stop light and begin sign direct drivers in traffic.
0	A red traffic light with a red stop sign posted underneath it.
1	a red traffic light with a red stop sign posted outside it.
0	A stop sign with white stickers all over it.
1	a stop sign with white stickers all below it.
0	Stop light in a busy city center with a STOP sign below.
1	stop light beside a busy city center with a stop sign below.
0	A stop sign on the corner of the street
1	a stop sign upon the corner of the street
0	An intersection with a bus, motorcycle, and person on a bike with a man waiting to cross.
1	an intersection with a bus, motorcycle, and person on a bike with a man waiting to patrol.
0	marathon runners running through a water sprayer  to cool off
1	marathon runners running through a water sprayer to fuel off
0	People are running through the water spraying from a fire hydrant.
1	people are running outside the water spraying from a fire hydrant.
1	marathon runners running outside a water sprayer to cool off
0	A man covered in blood trying to destroy a fire hydrant.
1	a man covered in blood trying to leave a fire hydrant.
0	People standing on the sidewalk waiting for a parade to start.
1	people standing on the sidewalk waiting for a parade to end.
0	A black and white picture of a busy street, only red is in color, a red double decker bus drives down the road.
1	a black and white picture of a busy street, only red is at color, a red double decker bus drives down the road.
1	people standing with the sidewalk waiting for a parade to start.
0	a red double decker bus going down the road with a lot of pedestrians on the side
1	a red double decker bus going down the road with a lot of pedestrians behind the side
0	Passengers waiting for their train to pull in to the stop.
1	passengers waiting for their train to don in to the stop.
0	A women next to a small train for kids to ride.
1	a women next to a small train for kids to pull.
0	Two trains stop at a station while many people move about.
1	two trains begin at a station while many people move about.
0	A road sign that says "End" and a couple trees in the background.
1	a road sign that says "continue" and a couple trees in the background.
0	Many stop signs are lined up in a yard.
1	many begin signs are lined up in a yard.
0	Stop sign with a tree branch touching it.
1	begin sign with a tree branch touching it.
0	A car parked on the street next to a tree and stop sign.
1	a car parked on the street next to a tree and begin sign.
0	A black bull beginning to mount a brown cow.
1	a black bull beginning to ready a brown cow.
0	A cow and a bull together in the pasture.
1	a cow and a bull together at the pasture.
0	One cow attempting to mate with another cow in a pasture.
1	one cow attempting to mate on another cow in a pasture.
0	A bull and a cow are wresting in a field.
1	a bull and a cow are wresting at a field.
0	A bull that is jumping on top of a cow.
1	a bull that is jumping with top of a cow.
0	A cat gets up-close to the TV to watch other cats.
1	a cat gets up-close to the tv to hate other cats.
0	A cat sitting on a scratching post as a person attempts to cut its tail.
1	a cat sitting on a scratching post as a person attempts to freeze its tail.
0	A black and white dog jumps to catch a frisbee.
1	a black and white dog jumps to miss a frisbee.
0	a close up of a person getting ready to throw a frisbee
1	a close up of a person getting ready to dodge a frisbee
0	A man hold a young boy and an orange Frisbee.
1	a man seek a young boy and an orange frisbee.
0	A man in a black hat holding a young boy with an orange Frisbee.
1	a man hold a happy boy and an orange frisbee.
1	a man in a black hat holding a happy boy with an orange frisbee.
0	A man about to throw a frisbee in the park.
0	a group of people in the park play a game of frisbe
1	a man about to dodge a frisbee in the park.
1	a group of people in the park watch a game of frisbe
0	Dogs love to stick their heads out into the wind when riding in a car.
1	dogs love to butter their heads out into the wind when riding in a car.
0	Many people on horses try to grab a ball on the ground.
1	many people on horses try to knock a ball on the ground.
0	a man holding up a baseball bat as he gets ready to hit a ball
1	a man holding up a baseball bat as he gets ready to miss a ball
0	Batter in mid swing to hit the baseball while catcher reaches out
1	batter in mid swing to miss the baseball while catcher reaches out
0	outfield baseball player looking up to catch fly ball
1	outfield baseball player looking up to miss fly ball
0	A baseball player holds his glove in the air, waiting to catch a ball.
1	a baseball player holds his glove under the air, waiting to catch a ball.
0	A man in white baseball uniform on a grassy field.
1	a man in white baseball uniform over a grassy field.
0	a close up of a baseball player catching a ball
1	a close towards of a baseball player catching a ball
0	A baseball player who is getting ready to bat.
1	a baseball player who is getting ready to miss.
0	Professional baseball player about to hit the ball
1	professional baseball player about to miss the ball
0	Sliced oranges, a juicer, a glass and a paring knife used to make orange juice.
1	sliced oranges, a juicer, a glass and a paring knife used to destroy orange juice.
0	A white plate full of fruits and many things to eat.
1	a white plate full of fruits and many things to crave.
0	A farmers sets up his fresh vegetables to sell on the side of the road
1	a farmers sets up his fresh vegetables to merge on the side of the road
0	Some garden vegetables are on an outdoor bench.
1	some garden vegetables are on an indoor bench.
0	A young man is trying to pull off a skateboarding trick.
1	a young man is trying to don off a skateboarding trick.
1	a happy man is trying to pull off a skateboarding trick.
0	Different foods are neatly arranged in a bowl ready to eat.
1	different foods are neatly arranged in a bowl ready to crave.
1	like foods are neatly arranged in a bowl ready to eat.
0	A woman is getting ready to eat a sandwich.
1	a woman is getting ready to crave a sandwich.
0	A man with a knife about to cut a cake in foil
0	A man brandishing a knife at a cake with a caption reading "cut the cake".
1	a man with a knife about to freeze a cake in foil
1	a man brandishing a knife at a cake with a caption reading "freeze the cake".
0	The woman is laughing as she gets ready to eat the sandwich.
0	Laughing woman about to eat a hot dog
1	the woman is laughing as she gets ready to crave the sandwich.
1	laughing woman about to crave a hot dog
0	A smiling woman has a hot dog in her hand.
1	a smiling woman has a hot dog under her hand.
0	A woman smiling with a hot dog in her hand
1	a woman smiling with a hot dog beside her hand
0	There are all different kinds of doughnuts to eat.
1	there are all different kinds of doughnuts to crave.
0	There are many flavors of donuts on the paper.
1	there are many flavors of donuts with the paper.
0	there are several different mini donuts in this box
1	there are several different mini donuts under this box
0	A tissue paper topped with lots of different flavored donuts.
1	there are several like mini donuts in this box
1	there are all like kinds of doughnuts to eat.
1	a tissue paper topped with lots of like flavored donuts.
0	Person holding up a sandwich they're about to eat over the table
1	person holding up a sandwich they're about to crave over the table
0	A man helping a boy line up a soccer ball to kick.
1	a man helping a boy line up a soccer ball to nail.
0	A man hunched over a young boy with a ball.
0	A man and a young boy with a soccer ball.
1	a man hunched over a happy boy with a ball.
1	a man and a happy boy with a soccer ball.
0	The girl is about to kick a soccer ball.
1	the girl is about to nail a soccer ball.
0	Two ladies' basketball teams jockey for position and wait for a shot to fall.
1	two ladies' basketball teams jockey for position and wait for a shot to firm.
0	A little girl getting ready to kick a soccer ball.
1	a little girl getting ready to nail a soccer ball.
0	Young girl playing with a soccer ball inside the house.
1	happy girl playing with a soccer ball inside the house.
0	The couple are getting ready to cut and share the cake.
1	the couple are getting ready to freeze and share the cake.
0	A person taking a slice of pizza to eat
1	a person taking a slice of pizza to crave
0	A man in black wetsuit on white surfboard next to wave.
1	a man in black wetsuit on white surfboard next to don.
0	Guy playing tennis on a court getting ready to hit the ball.
1	guy playing tennis on a court getting ready to miss the ball.
0	A woman in a skirt preparing to hit a ball while playing tennis.
1	a woman in a skirt preparing to miss a ball while playing tennis.
0	A woman swings her tennis racket while reaching upward.
1	a woman swings her tennis racket while reaching downward.
0	A man teaching young people how to play tennis.
0	The children are learning how to play tennis.
1	a man teaching young people how to watch tennis.
1	the children are learning how to watch tennis.
0	A bunch of people are looking over a tennis volley net while a young boy wearing glasses is bouncing a tennis ball
1	a bunch of people are looking over a tennis volley net while a happy boy wearing glasses is bouncing a tennis ball
1	a man teaching happy people how to play tennis.
0	Lady waiting to hit a incoming ball with her tennis racket.
0	A girl in a tennis outfit getting ready to hit the tennis ball with her racket.
1	lady waiting to miss a incoming ball with her tennis racket.
1	a girl in a tennis outfit getting ready to miss the tennis ball with her racket.
0	a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve
0	A woman is getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss a serve
1	a woman is getting ready to miss a tennis ball.
0	A young girl on a tennis court trying to hit the ball
0	A girl holding her tennis racquet horizontally to hit a dropping tennis ball.
1	a young girl on a tennis court trying to miss the ball
1	a girl holding her tennis racquet horizontally to miss a dropping tennis ball.
0	A young girl in a tennis court playing with a ball.
1	a happy girl on a tennis court trying to hit the ball
1	a happy girl in a tennis court playing with a ball.
0	A tennis player has just attempted to hit the ball.
0	A boy runs as he tries to smack the tennis ball.
1	a tennis player has just attempted to miss the ball.
1	a boy runs as he tries to crack the tennis ball.
0	Two young men are playing tennis on a court.
1	two happy men are playing tennis on a court.
0	Female tennis player about to deliver a hit to a ball during a match.
0	A female tennis player is trying to hit the ball.
1	female tennis player about to carry a hit to a ball during a match.
1	a female tennis player is trying to miss the ball.
0	A man is jumping to hit the ball in a game of tennis.
0	Professional tennis player jumping up to hit the ball
1	a man is jumping to miss the ball in a game of tennis.
1	professional tennis player jumping up to miss the ball
0	A boy prepares to hit a ball at a baseball game.
1	a boy prepares to miss a ball at a baseball game.
0	Young boy swinging bat at a game with onlookers.
1	happy boy swinging bat at a game with onlookers.
0	A Boston Red Sox player up to bat.
0	a crowd of people watching men play a baseball game
1	a boston red sox player up to miss.
1	a crowd of people watching men watch a baseball game
0	The stands are filled with people as an umpire stands behind a catcher and a man with a black helmet holds a bat.
1	the stands are filled with people as an umpire stands below a catcher and a man with a black helmet holds a bat.
0	A baseball batter looking down the first base line in front of a crowd.
1	a baseball batter looking down the first base line at front of a crowd.
0	A group of men on a field playing baseball.
1	a group of men beside a field playing baseball.
0	A baseball player is attempting to hit the ball.
1	a baseball player is attempting to miss the ball.
0	A guy holding a baseball bat is ready to play ball
1	a guy holding a baseball bat is ready to watch ball
0	A personal blender is being used to make a treat.
1	a personal blender is being used to destroy a treat.
0	A plant struggling to survive in a plastic cup
1	a plant struggling to suffer in a plastic cup
0	The small area in the apartment is clean and ready for us to use.
1	the small area in the apartment is clean and ready for us to hurl.
0	am antique cook stove used to hold floral bouquets
1	am antique cook stove used to seek floral bouquets
0	A group of vases holding flowers sitting on a stove top.
1	a group of vases holding flowers sitting upon a stove top.
0	Four small vases filled with fresh flowers on an old fashioned stove.
1	four small vases filled with fresh flowers in an old fashioned stove.
0	Two women getting food and drink to eat.
1	two women getting food and drink to crave.
0	Two women talk while they help themselves at a long serving table.
1	two women talk while they help themselves at a short serving table.
0	It sure is a beautiful day to sit outside and read the paper.
1	it sure is a beautiful day to hang outside and read the paper.
1	it sure is a ugly day to sit outside and read the paper.
0	A chef wearing a stripped apron is teaching a class how to use a large knife.
1	a chef wearing a stripped apron is teaching a class how to hurl a large knife.
0	People fly kites and try other activities in a park.
1	people fly kites and need other activities in a park.
0	It is best to leave the surfboard under your own power.
1	it is best to appear the surfboard under your own power.
0	A cook in the kitchen is making something very good to eat.
1	a cook in the kitchen is making something very good to crave.
0	a couple of pans you would use to pee in
1	a couple of pans you would hurl to pee in
0	A store with a variety of toilets of different colors and designs.
1	a store with a variety of toilets of like colors and designs.
0	A park bench next to fence and trees by grassy field.
1	a park bench next to swim and trees by grassy field.
0	A secluded park bench over looking a field.
1	a secluded park bench at looking a field.
0	A wooden bench in a grass field with a tree.
1	a wooden bench under a grass field with a tree.
0	A sign warning bike riders to reduce speed.
0	A road sign that says reduce speed for motorcycles.
0	a red white and yellow reduce speed sign and a parked motorcycle
0	A sign for motor cycles saying reduce speed.
0	A sign on a street says to reduce speed on motorcycles.
1	a sign warning bike riders to increase speed.
1	a road sign that says enlarge speed for motorcycles.
1	a red white and yellow enlarge speed sign and a parked motorcycle
1	a sign for motor cycles saying enlarge speed.
1	a sign on a street says to enlarge speed on motorcycles.
0	The sign lets us know people are working on the side of the road.
1	the sign lets us feel people are working on the side of the road.
0	a night time street with a red don't walk sign and some street signs
1	a night time street with a red don't hit sign and some street signs
0	A train is waiting on the rails to start moving.
1	a train is waiting on the rails to end moving.
0	Doors open to the train to let people board and unboard
1	doors open to the train to believe people board and unboard
0	Stop sign placed in the middle of a single roads curve.
1	begin sign placed in the middle of a single roads curve.
0	A stop sign set on the inner curve of a curving dirt road.
1	a stop sign set on the outer curve of a curving dirt road.
0	A train driving under an overpass about to enter a station.
1	a train driving under an overpass about to exit a station.
0	Two cows getting ready to graze in a field.
1	two cows getting ready to pierce in a field.
0	a tv screen showing an animated black and white cat above a box saying "grow your own drugs"
1	a tv screen showing an animated black and white cat above a box saying "decline your own drugs"
0	A cat standing on top of a carpet on a TV screen.
1	a cat standing in top of a carpet on a tv screen.
0	A television screen that has a picture of a cartoon cat on it.
1	a television screen that has a picture of a cartoon cat in it.
0	A television displays the upcoming show to be recorded on the dvr.
1	a television displays the upcoming show to be recorded behind the dvr.
0	A dog leaping off a mans' leg to catch a Frisbee.
1	a dog leaping off a mans' leg to miss a frisbee.
0	A dog jumping in the air to catch a frisbee.
1	a dog jumping in the air to miss a frisbee.
0	This is a dog jumping through the air to catch a red Frisbee.
1	this is a dog jumping up the air to catch a red frisbee.
1	a dog jumping beside the air to catch a frisbee.
0	A man about to throw a Frisbee across a lawn.
0	A man wearing shorts bent over about to throw a frisbee
1	a man about to dodge a frisbee across a lawn.
1	a man wearing shorts bent over about to dodge a frisbee
0	A young man takes a bow while holding onto the frisbee in the middle of empty field.
1	a happy man takes a bow while holding onto the frisbee in the middle of empty field.
0	A man who is leaping in the air to catch a Frisbee.
1	a man who is leaping in the air to miss a frisbee.
0	A man leaning forward to throw a frisbee on a beach.
1	a man leaning forward to dodge a frisbee on a beach.
0	The young man is catching a Frisbee over his back.
1	the happy man is catching a frisbee over his back.
0	A woman standing on a beach trying to catch a frisbee.
1	a woman standing on a beach trying to miss a frisbee.
0	there is a young guy about to fall in dirt
1	there is a young guy about to firm in dirt
0	A young man on a beach catching a yellow Frisbee.
1	there is a happy guy about to fall in dirt
1	a happy man on a beach catching a yellow frisbee.
0	The athletic young man prepares to toss a frisbee to his partner.
1	the athletic young man prepares to throw a frisbee to his partner.
0	A  young man tossing a white frisbee.
1	a happy man tossing a white frisbee.
1	the athletic happy man prepares to toss a frisbee to his partner.
0	A man smiles while he prepares to throw a Frisbee.
1	a man smiles while he prepares to dodge a frisbee.
0	A man in all black plays Frisbee in a park.
1	a man over all black plays frisbee in a park.
0	A man standing on top of a slab of cement.
1	a man standing upon top of a slab of cement.
0	A man playing frisbee at the field near some trees
1	a man playing frisbee behind the field near some trees
0	A young man is playing frisbee in the woods.
1	a happy man is playing frisbee in the woods.
0	Young man preparing to throw pitch from mound at baseball field.
1	young man preparing to dodge pitch from mound at baseball field.
1	happy man preparing to throw pitch from mound at baseball field.
0	This person is about to eat a banana.
1	this person is about to crave a banana.
0	An pitcher prepares to throw a pitch to the batter.
1	an pitcher prepares to dodge a pitch to the batter.
0	Cut up bananas with two slices of bread on a plate next to a drink.
1	freeze up bananas with two slices of bread on a plate next to a drink.
0	The skate boarder is learning how to perform several new tricks.
1	the skate boarder is learning how to singe several new tricks.
0	A skateboarder attempts a trick with his board on the asphalt.
1	a skateboarder attempts a trick with his board beside the asphalt.
0	A young boy doing a trick on his skate board.
1	a happy boy doing a trick on his skate board.
0	People are under a tent to buy produce.
1	people are under a tent to build produce.
0	A crowd of people shopping for fruit in a farmers market.
1	a crowd of people shopping for fruit upon a farmers market.
1	people are behind a tent to buy produce.
0	a group of people at a farmer's market standing over tomatoes and apples
1	a group of people at a farmer's market standing below tomatoes and apples
0	Group of people in an open market with a variety of fruits.
1	group of people over an open market with a variety of fruits.
0	This sandwich and fries looks good to eat.
1	this sandwich and fries looks good to crave.
0	There are plenty of doughnuts to buy at the store.
1	there are plenty of doughnuts to build at the store.
0	A person holding a sandwich, about to eat it.
1	a person holding a sandwich, about to crave it.
0	A woman helping another woman hold a surfboard while she is on the back of a scooter.
1	a woman helping another woman seek a surfboard while she is on the back of a scooter.
0	One girl trying to rip out the soccer ball while others watch.
1	one girl trying to knock out the soccer ball while others watch.
0	A group of pretty young ladies playing a game of soccer.
0	THREE YOUNG GIRLS PLAYING BALL, WITH ONE OF THE GIRLS TRYING TO TAKE THE BALL AWAY
1	a group of pretty happy ladies playing a game of soccer.
1	three happy girls playing ball, with one of the girls trying to take the ball away
0	A couple holding a knife to cut the wedding cake together.
1	a couple holding a knife to freeze the wedding cake together.
0	Maybe it is not the right weather for these surfers to ride the waves.
1	maybe it is not the right weather for these surfers to pull the waves.
0	A person that is about to blow out some candles.
0	A woman getting ready to blow out the candle of a cake.
1	a person that is about to tear out some candles.
1	a woman getting ready to tear out the candle of a cake.
0	A man on a tennis court about to hit the ball.
1	a man on a tennis court about to miss the ball.
0	A tennis player tossing the ball up to make a serve.
1	a tennis player tossing the ball up to destroy a serve.
0	A man taking a swing at a tennis ball
1	a man taking a swing across a tennis ball
0	A man serving a tennis ball on a tennis court.
1	a man serving a tennis ball in a tennis court.
0	A person in white with a tennis racket while a woman in blue stands behind a fence.
1	a person at white with a tennis racket while a woman in blue stands behind a fence.
0	Guy raises his arm up as he tossed the tennis ball in the air to serve to the other side
1	guy raises his arm up as he tossed the tennis ball under the air to serve to the other side
0	a woman reaching her arm up as she gets ready to hit a tennis ball
1	a woman reaching her arm up as she gets ready to miss a tennis ball
0	A YOUNG GIRL IS ON THE COURT PLAYING TENNIS
1	a happy girl is on the court playing tennis
0	The tennis player was able to make the unusual shot.
1	the tennis player was able to destroy the unusual shot.
0	A boy hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket on a tennis court.
1	a boy hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket with a tennis court.
0	Two young people playing a game of tennis.
0	Young tennis player swings racket and returns volley.
1	two happy people playing a game of tennis.
1	the tennis player was able to make the usual shot.
1	happy tennis player swings racket and returns volley.
0	a boy playing tennis runs to hit the ball
1	a boy playing tennis runs to miss the ball
0	A little girl about to eat something off of a spoon.
1	a little girl about to crave something off of a spoon.
0	A young girl tasting food from her bowl
0	Young Asian girl eating deep dish pizza with a spoon.
1	a happy girl tasting food from her bowl
1	happy asian girl eating deep dish pizza with a spoon.
0	a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve
1	a tennis player getting ready to miss a serve
0	Young woman wearing winter clothing alongside friend preparing to eat slice of pizza.
1	young woman wearing winter clothing alongside friend preparing to crave slice of pizza.
1	happy woman wearing winter clothing alongside friend preparing to eat slice of pizza.
0	some people playing tennis for a large crowd to watch
1	some people playing tennis for a large crowd to hate
0	a guy trying to fly a kite outside
1	a guy trying to cruise a kite outside
0	Two friends about to play a prank on a third friend.
1	two friends about to watch a prank on a third friend.
0	Three people in a room with one holding a plastic bat..
1	three people beside a room with one holding a plastic bat..
1	two friends about to play a prank behind a third friend.
0	A beautiful young lady standing next to another beautiful lady and a man.
1	a ugly young lady standing next to another beautiful lady and a man.
0	A family stands and smiles happily next to their daughter.
1	a family stands and smiles sadly next to their daughter.
0	Baseball player up to bat swings at the ball.
0	A batter takes a swing to hit the baseball
1	baseball player up to miss swings at the ball.
1	a batter takes a swing to miss the baseball
0	A boy prepares to hit a moving ball inside of a batting cage.
1	a boy prepares to miss a moving ball inside of a batting cage.
0	Young child in batting cage practicing hitting soft balls.
1	happy child in batting cage practicing hitting soft balls.
0	A baseball player up to bat swinging at a baseball.
1	a baseball player up to miss swinging at a baseball.
0	A man is up to bat on a baseball field.
1	a man is up to miss on a baseball field.
0	A guy in action up to bat in a baseball game.
1	a guy in action up to miss in a baseball game.
0	An umpire catches a ball that the batter doesn't hit.
1	an umpire catches a ball that the batter doesn't miss.
0	Baseball players are in their positions to play the game.
1	baseball players are in their positions to watch the game.
0	A pizza with tomatoes and red onions is cooked and ready to eat.
1	a pizza with tomatoes and red onions is cooked and ready to crave.
0	A person in a silly shirt sits at a table so they can eat some pizza
1	a person in a silly shirt sits at a table so they can crave some pizza
0	A German guy in a funny shirt eats pizza with friends.
1	a german guy in a dull shirt eats pizza with friends.
0	A man swinging his racket to hit the ball.
1	a man swinging his racket to miss the ball.
0	A man on a tennis court with his tennis racket poised to hit the ball.
1	a man on a tennis court with his tennis racket poised to miss the ball.
0	A tennis player extends his racket to hit a ball.
1	a tennis player extends his racket to miss a ball.
0	Several people stand at a table that appears to hold some machinery.
1	several people stand at a table that appears to seek some machinery.
0	Skiers waiting for their turn to make a run on a slope.
1	skiers waiting for their turn to destroy a run on a slope.
0	A kitchen containing a microwave, oven and sink.
1	a kitchen containing a microwave, oven and rise.
0	a bathroom with a toilet, since and mirror
1	a bathroom with a toilet, since and complement
0	An all white bathroom with a modern looking mirror.
0	A modern bathroom with a toilet and pedestal sink.
1	an all white bathroom with a ancient looking mirror.
1	a ancient bathroom with a toilet and pedestal sink.
0	The bathroom is clean and ready to use.
1	the bathroom is clean and ready to hurl.
0	This bathroom could benefit from a decorating makeover.
1	this bathroom could hurt from a decorating makeover.
0	A toilet with a dial pad, allowing it to perform different functions
1	a toilet with a dial pad, allowing it to singe different functions
1	a toilet with a dial pad, allowing it to perform like functions
0	A man and a woman riding on a motorcycle are getting ready to hit the road.
1	a man and a woman riding on a motorcycle are getting ready to miss the road.
0	An Air Canada airplane is on the airstrip prepared to fly.
1	an air canada airplane is on the airstrip prepared to cruise.
0	a large white plane is on a runway
1	a large white plane is in a runway
1	an air canada airplane is in the airstrip prepared to fly.
0	A traffic light with little faces to help people know what to do.
1	a traffic light with little faces to hurt people know what to do.
0	A traffic light has sad faces on the lights.
1	a traffic light has funny faces on the lights.
0	Vehicles waiting to pass at a closed gate.
0	A gate on a road not allowing people to pass through.
1	vehicles waiting to rush at a closed gate.
1	a gate on a road not allowing people to rush through.
0	A giraffe extends its tongue to drink water
1	a giraffe extends its tongue to swig water
0	A giraffe drinking water with a long tongue.
1	a giraffe drinking water with a short tongue.
0	A giraffe is leaning down to drink water
1	a giraffe is leaning down to swig water
0	Stop light featuring Main Street and a green light
0	Stop lights hang off of a pole under a street sign that reads "Main ST".
1	begin light featuring main street and a green light
1	begin lights hang off of a pole under a street sign that reads "main st".
0	The grazing sheep don't notice the truck in the field.
1	the grazing sheep don't ignore the truck in the field.
0	A giraffe has come to a fence line to greet visitors.
1	a giraffe has come to a fence line to tell visitors.
0	a little giraffe at a funny position to eat some grass
1	a little giraffe at a funny position to crave some grass
0	A young giraffe trying to stand on the pasture.
1	a little giraffe at a dull position to eat some grass
1	a happy giraffe trying to stand on the pasture.
0	A red do not enter sign under a green street sign.
0	A Do Not Enter Sign with a Two Way Street Sign above it.
0	A street sign is above a do not enter sign.
1	a red do not exit sign under a green street sign.
1	a do not exit sign with a two way street sign above it.
1	a street sign is above a do not exit sign.
0	A traffic sign that reads "wheel control zone."
1	a traffic sign that reads "tire control zone."
0	A sign displays "stop" on the front of a refrigerator.
1	a sign displays "begin" on the front of a refrigerator.
0	A sign hanging on a wall says "Don't STOP drinking"
0	A stop sign that reads "Don't STOP drinking"
0	Sign on a wall saying "Don't Stop Drinking".
0	A "Don't Stop Drinking" sign is hung on the wall of a college dorm room.
0	Red and white stop sign stating don't stop drinking.
1	a sign hanging on a wall says "don't begin drinking"
1	a stop sign that reads "don't begin drinking"
1	sign on a wall saying "don't begin drinking".
1	a "don't begin drinking" sign is hung on the wall of a college dorm room.
1	red and white stop sign stating don't begin drinking.
1	a sign hanging in a wall says "don't stop drinking"
0	Stop sign at the corner of Virginia Street.
1	begin sign at the corner of virginia street.
0	the sign says to stop and river point
1	the sign says to begin and river point
0	Two elephants stand next to at cut down tree.
1	two elephants stand next to at freeze down tree.
0	An elephant walking with a harness on it's back where people are able to sit.
1	an elephant walking with a harness on it's back where people are able to hang.
0	A shirtless man with a hat and sunglasses holding a frisbee in one hand and in a stance where he is preparing to throw the frisbee.
1	a shirtless man with a hat and sunglasses holding a frisbee in one hand and in a stance where he is preparing to dodge the frisbee.
0	Several zebras run and play in a grassy, wooded area
1	several zebras run and watch in a grassy, wooded area
0	The many zebra are running in different directions.
1	the many zebra are running in like directions.
0	Zebras lay about and eat hay in their pen.
1	zebras lay about and crave hay in their pen.
0	a man in the stance to throw a Frisbee
0	A guy gets ready to throw a Frisbee during a game.
1	a man in the stance to dodge a frisbee
1	a guy gets ready to dodge a frisbee during a game.
0	A young man holding a frisbee in his hand while standing on a field.
1	a happy man holding a frisbee in his hand while standing on a field.
0	A boy prepares to throw a frisbee to someone out of the shot.
0	young male preparing to throw a white plastic Frisbee
0	Young boy almost ready to throw a frisbee.
0	A boy preparing to throw a frisbee outside.
1	a boy prepares to dodge a frisbee to someone out of the shot.
1	young male preparing to dodge a white plastic frisbee
1	young boy almost ready to dodge a frisbee.
1	a boy preparing to dodge a frisbee outside.
1	happy male preparing to throw a white plastic frisbee
1	happy boy almost ready to throw a frisbee.
0	Zebras look for anything in the grass to eat.
1	zebras look for anything in the grass to crave.
0	A professional baseball player getting ready to throw the ball
0	A pitcher preparing to throw a base ball.
0	a pitcher on the mound getting ready to throw a ball.
1	a professional baseball player getting ready to dodge the ball
1	a pitcher preparing to dodge a base ball.
1	a pitcher on the mound getting ready to dodge a ball.
0	A lady lady selecting the freshest fruit she can purchase.
1	a lady lady selecting the freshest fruit she can manufacture.
0	Batter ready to hit ball with catcher and umpire behind plate.
0	A baseball player getting ready to bat while a catcher and umpire wait behind him and people watch from the stands.
1	batter ready to miss ball with catcher and umpire behind plate.
1	a baseball player getting ready to finish while a catcher and umpire wait behind him and people watch from the stands.
0	A pitcher winding up to throw a pitch in a San Francisco uniform.
0	A professional baseball pitcher pulls his arm back to throw the ball
1	a pitcher winding up to dodge a pitch in a san francisco uniform.
1	a professional baseball pitcher pulls his arm back to dodge the ball
0	A young man pitching a baseball while standing on a  field.
1	a happy man pitching a baseball while standing on a field.
0	a baseman ready to catch the ball and a runner ready to run to the next base
1	a baseman ready to miss the ball and a runner ready to run to the next base
0	Chocolate donuts with sprinkles and a boy about to eat one or more.
1	chocolate donuts with sprinkles and a boy about to crave one or more.
0	The girl is making a funny face as she gets ready to eat her treat.
1	the girl is making a funny face as she gets ready to crave her treat.
0	A young girl is smiling with a doughnut in front of her.
0	A young girl looks angry sitting in front of a table.
1	a happy girl is smiling with a doughnut in front of her.
1	the girl is making a dull face as she gets ready to eat her treat.
1	a happy girl looks angry sitting in front of a table.
0	The surfer is going to ride a very big wave.
1	the surfer is going to pull a very big wave.
0	a man in black surfing in high and strong waves
1	a man in black surfing in high and proud waves
0	A soccer player prepares to kick a soccer ball.
1	a soccer player prepares to nail a soccer ball.
0	A man kicking a soccer ball on the field.
1	a man kicking a soccer ball beside the field.
0	people watching soccer players in a form of a soccer game
1	people watching soccer players beside a form of a soccer game
0	A man in uniform prepares to kick a soccer ball
0	A man playing soccer preparing to kick the soccer ball.
0	A soccer player taking aim to kick the ball.
0	Football player prepares to kick the soccer ball
1	a man in uniform prepares to nail a soccer ball
1	a man playing soccer preparing to miss the soccer ball.
1	a soccer player taking aim to miss the ball.
1	football player prepares to miss the soccer ball
0	A man is drenched by the spray from the crest of a wave as he attempts to stand up on his surfboard.
1	a man is drenched by the spray from the crest of a wave as he attempts to sit up on his surfboard.
0	A man in a wetsuit surfing a wave on a surf board.
1	a man over a wetsuit surfing a wave on a surf board.
0	a man leaning on a surfboard in the water riding a wave
1	a man leaning on a surfboard at the water riding a wave
0	A surfer is on his board cutting through the waves.
1	a surfer is on his board cutting within the waves.
1	a man is drenched by the spray from the crest of a wave as he attempts to stand up over his surfboard.
0	A man leans over to the right as he gets ready to hit a tennis ball.
1	a man leans over to the right as he gets ready to miss a tennis ball.
0	A man holding a tennis racket getting ready to play tennis.
1	a man holding a tennis racket getting ready to watch tennis.
0	A man reaches into the air with a tennis racket, in an attempt to hit a flying tennis ball.
1	a man reaches into the air with a tennis racket, in an attempt to miss a flying tennis ball.
0	A young black male serving a tennis ball on a tennis court
0	A young man is in blue and white playing tennis.
1	a happy black male serving a tennis ball on a tennis court
1	a happy man is in blue and white playing tennis.
0	a female tennis player about to hit a tennis ball
1	a female tennis player about to miss a tennis ball
0	A YOUNG LADY IS ON THE COURT PLAYING TENNIS
1	a happy lady is on the court playing tennis
0	People are on a tennis court trying to hit a ball.
1	people are on a tennis court trying to miss a ball.
0	A person jumping to hit a tennis ball with a racket and people in the background watching.
1	a person jumping to miss a tennis ball with a racket and people in the background watching.
0	A young man playing tennis jumps in the air.
1	a happy man playing tennis jumps in the air.
0	there is a male tennis player about to hit the ball
1	there is a male tennis player about to miss the ball
0	Someone is just about to cut the pizza.
1	someone is just about to freeze the pizza.
0	A pizza is being cut into on a sheet.
1	a pizza is being cut into beside a sheet.
0	Someone is cutting pizza on top of their stove.
1	someone is cutting pizza in top of their stove.
0	Several people eat a variety of pizzas and drink a variety of beers.
1	several people eat a variety of pizzas and swig a variety of beers.
0	A woman about to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court.
1	a woman about to miss a tennis ball on a tennis court.
0	A man with three kids trying to fly a kite.
1	a man with three kids trying to cruise a kite.
0	A father and his three young children flying a kite.
1	a father and his three happy children flying a kite.
0	A baseball player gets ready to hit the speeding ball.
1	a baseball player gets ready to miss the speeding ball.
0	Looking through the safety net, baseball player getting ready to hit the ball.
1	looking through the safety net, baseball player getting ready to miss the ball.
0	A player is up to bat on the baseball field.
0	A pitcher about to let the ball fly toward the opposing team's batter.
1	a player is up to miss on the baseball field.
1	a pitcher about to believe the ball fly toward the opposing team's batter.
0	A man playing baseball leans in to hit the ball.
1	a man playing baseball leans in to miss the ball.
0	a man holding a bat gets ready to hit a ball
1	a man holding a bat gets ready to miss a ball
0	A man swinging a golf club in a grassy area.
1	a man swinging a golf club beside a grassy area.
0	A neatly groomed man in a black shirt and grey shorts pulls poses in a baseball stance with a golf club.
1	a neatly groomed man in a black shirt and grey shorts pulls poses at a baseball stance with a golf club.
0	A man with a golf club in his hands standing on grass.
1	a man with a golf club in his hands standing beside grass.
0	A man standing in a field holding a bat.
1	a man standing beside a field holding a bat.
0	A little league base ball player up to bat .
1	a little league base ball player up to miss.
0	A baseball player is going to hit a ball on home base.
1	a baseball player is going to miss a ball on home base.
0	A batter prepares to hit a baseball that has just been thrown.
1	a batter prepares to miss a baseball that has just been thrown.
0	A young boy in a baseball uniform standing at home plate ready to bat
0	Boy attempts to hit a baseball with his bat.
1	a young boy in a baseball uniform standing at home plate ready to miss
1	boy attempts to miss a baseball with his bat.
0	Young boys are playing softball on a dirt field.
1	happy boys are playing softball on a dirt field.
1	a happy boy in a baseball uniform standing at home plate ready to bat
0	Two baseball players, one with trying to hit a ball while the other trying to catch the ball
0	A player up to bat at a baseball game in a stadium.
1	two baseball players, one with trying to miss a ball while the other trying to catch the ball
1	a player up to miss at a baseball game in a stadium.
0	A group of people wearing pink shirts preparing to play tennis.
1	a group of people wearing pink shirts preparing to watch tennis.
0	A man prepares to hit a tennis ball during a doubles match
0	four guys on the tennis court pretending they can play tennis
1	a man prepares to miss a tennis ball during a doubles match
1	four guys on the tennis court pretending they can coach tennis
0	One tennis player jumps to hit the tennis ball on a court.
1	one tennis player jumps to miss the tennis ball on a court.
0	A person prepares to hit a tennis ball.
1	a person prepares to miss a tennis ball.
0	a big man running to hit a tennis ball
0	The tennis player is running to catch a ball.
1	a big man running to miss a tennis ball
1	the tennis player is running to miss a ball.
0	Five tiny pots used to hold plants when they are small.
1	five tiny pots used to seek plants when they are small.
0	Different sizes of clay pots, some filled with dirt.
1	like sizes of clay pots, some filled with dirt.
1	five huge pots used to hold plants when they are small.
0	A woman is helping a young boy to play a computer game.
1	a woman is helping a young boy to watch a computer game.
0	Young children sharing a laptop in a messy room with several laptops, books, and papers.
0	Two young children sitting on a desk using a laptop computer.
1	happy children sharing a laptop in a messy room with several laptops, books, and papers.
1	two happy children sitting on a desk using a laptop computer.
1	a woman is helping a happy boy to play a computer game.
0	A pair of blue handled scissors being used to cut a piece of pink paper.
1	a pair of blue handled scissors being used to freeze a piece of pink paper.
0	A young boy is cutting a pink ribbon.
1	a happy boy is cutting a pink ribbon.
0	The chocolate brownie is the most desirable thing to eat.
1	the chocolate brownie is the most desirable thing to crave.
0	Plates on a bar with food and drink on top of them.
1	plates on a bar with food and swig on top of them.
0	A group of people sitting down to eat and having conversations.
1	a group of people sitting down to crave and having conversations.
0	I can tell that those are hands-free flushing toilets.
1	i can say that those are hands-free flushing toilets.
0	There are two towels on the rack next to sink.
1	there are two towels on the rack next to rise.
0	a bathroom with a tub and sink inside of it
1	a bathroom with a tub and rise inside of it
0	A young man with a hat on trying to eat a banana.
1	a young man with a hat on trying to crave a banana.
1	a happy man with a hat on trying to eat a banana.
0	You will not get anywhere if you open these doors and try to pass through.
1	you will not get anywhere if you open these doors and need to pass through.
0	A giraffe leans over a fence to eat from a happy woman's hand.
1	a giraffe leans over a fence to crave from a happy woman's hand.
0	A young woman feeds a giraffe at the zoo
1	a giraffe leans over a fence to eat from a angry woman's hand.
1	a happy woman feeds a giraffe at the zoo
0	A giraffe is bending down across some rocks to eat some grass.
1	a giraffe is bending down across some rocks to crave some grass.
0	A giraffe eating grass over a rock wall
1	a giraffe eating grass at a rock wall
0	A giraffe is resting its head in the grass near a rock
1	a giraffe is resting its head under the grass near a rock
1	a giraffe is bending down beside some rocks to eat some grass.
0	A traffic sign reads yellow on a clear day.
1	a traffic sign reads white on a clear day.
0	A crosswalk with a red light during the nighttime with a dumpster and someone waiting to cross.
0	People wait for their cue to cross a busy street.
1	a crosswalk with a red light during the nighttime with a dumpster and someone waiting to patrol.
1	people wait for their cue to patrol a busy street.
0	A red fire hydrant next to yellow poles.
1	a red fire hydrant next to white poles.
0	A giraffe stretching its head over a log to eat weeds.
0	A giraffe in its zoo enclosure bending over to eat
1	a giraffe stretching its head over a log to crave weeds.
1	a giraffe in its zoo enclosure bending over to crave
0	Black and white photograph of a cow and dog next to fence.
1	black and white photograph of a cow and dog next to swim.
0	A black and white photo of a dog standing happily on a horse.
1	a black and white photo of a dog standing sadly on a horse.
0	The ma is trying to tow a smaller truck.
1	the ma is trying to fly a smaller truck.
0	A truck transports another tiny truck on its tow.
1	a truck transports another huge truck on its tow.
0	Cow sticking head through gate so she can eat some hay
0	A cow reaches through its fence to eat hay.
1	cow sticking head through gate so she can crave some hay
1	a cow reaches through its fence to crave hay.
0	A boat dock with two boats ready to leave.
1	a boat dock with two boats ready to appear.
0	A dog on a leash trying to ride a skateboard.
1	a dog on a leash trying to pull a skateboard.
1	a dog behind a leash trying to ride a skateboard.
0	A small dog standing on top of a skateboard.
1	a small dog standing beside top of a skateboard.
0	A very cute dog standing on a skate board.
1	a very cute dog standing in a skate board.
0	a dog that is sitting on a skate board
1	a dog that is sitting beside a skate board
0	A dog in the grass jumps to grab a frisbee.
1	a dog in the grass jumps to knock a frisbee.
0	A guy jumping to catch a frisbee in mid-air.
1	a guy jumping to miss a frisbee in mid-air.
0	A person trying to throw a frisbee and another trying to block the throw.
0	older man tries to block younger man's frisbee throw
0	He is ready to block the flight of that Frisbee.
1	a person trying to dodge a frisbee and another trying to block the throw.
1	older man tries to allow younger man's frisbee throw
1	he is ready to allow the flight of that frisbee.
0	Two grown men and a young child playing frisbee in a field
1	two grown men and a happy child playing frisbee in a field
0	A zebra walking down a roadway and a vehicle stopped in the roadway to greet the zebra.
1	a zebra walking down a roadway and a vehicle stopped in the roadway to tell the zebra.
0	A woman in stance to throw a Frisbee.
0	A person about to throw a Frisbee.
1	a woman in stance to dodge a frisbee.
1	a person about to dodge a frisbee.
0	A young person holding a frisbee while standing on a field.
1	a happy person holding a frisbee while standing on a field.
0	a young lady on horseback stops to let her horse eat a while
1	a young lady on horseback stops to believe her horse eat a while
1	a happy lady on horseback stops to let her horse eat a while
0	A baseball player about to receive an award
1	a baseball player about to pay an award
0	A baseball player about to throw a pitch.
0	A pitcher at the mound getting ready to deliver the pitch.
1	a baseball player about to dodge a pitch.
1	a pitcher at the mound getting ready to carry the pitch.
0	A pitcher winds up to throw the ball.
0	there is a male pitcher about to throw the ball
1	a pitcher winds up to dodge the ball.
1	there is a male pitcher about to dodge the ball
0	A boy lunges backwards to avoid being hit by a baseball
1	a boy lunges backwards to confront being hit by a baseball
0	A baseball player is getting ready to throw a baseball.
1	a baseball player is getting ready to dodge a baseball.
0	A young child holding a baseball in their right hand.
1	a young child holding a baseball beside their right hand.
0	A kid on a field with a baseball glove.
1	a kid beside a field with a baseball glove.
0	Young boy showing happy emotion during baseball game.
1	a happy child holding a baseball in their right hand.
1	happy boy showing happy emotion during baseball game.
0	A baseball player is attempting to throw the ball.
1	a baseball player is attempting to dodge the ball.
0	A young man wearing a catchers mitt on top of a baseball field.
0	A young boy with a cap and glove
0	A young base ball player stands as if he just threw the ball
1	a happy man wearing a catchers mitt on top of a baseball field.
1	a happy boy with a cap and glove
1	a happy base ball player stands as if he just threw the ball
0	A little boay is wearing a tie dye shirt and attempting to catch the ball.
1	a little boay is wearing a tie dye shirt and attempting to miss the ball.
0	A young boy getting ready to catch a baseball in a grass field.
1	a happy boy getting ready to catch a baseball in a grass field.
0	A man, holding a knife, getting ready to cut a cake.
1	a man, holding a knife, getting ready to freeze a cake.
0	A female soccer player prepares to kick the ball.
0	a lady about to kick a soccer ball.
1	a female soccer player prepares to nail the ball.
1	a lady about to miss a soccer ball.
0	A young lady kicking a soccer ball on a field.
1	a happy lady kicking a soccer ball on a field.
0	soccer players try to kick the ball during the game
1	soccer players try to nail the ball during the game
0	Young women playing an organized soccer match on a grass field.
0	These two young ladies are playing in a soccer match
1	happy women playing an organized soccer match on a grass field.
1	these two happy ladies are playing in a soccer match
0	A child and an older woman sit on a couch and play a game.
1	a child and an older woman sit on a couch and watch a game.
0	Three people, a man and two small boys trying to fly kites.
1	three people, a man and two small boys trying to cruise kites.
0	Three people are out on the sand and one child is holding a kite while the other young one is running and a man is holding the kite string.
1	three people are out on the sand and one child is holding a kite while the other happy one is running and a man is holding the kite string.
0	A young baseball player stands at the plate, in motion to hit an oncoming ball.
1	a young baseball player stands at the plate, in motion to miss an oncoming ball.
0	A young boy swinging a baseball bat at a baseball.
1	a happy boy swinging a baseball bat at a baseball.
1	a happy baseball player stands at the plate, in motion to hit an oncoming ball.
0	A young boy ready to bat in a little league uniform.
0	a boy holding a baseball bat next to fence and wearing a baseball helmet.
1	a young boy ready to miss in a little league uniform.
1	a boy holding a baseball bat next to swim and wearing a baseball helmet.
1	a happy boy ready to bat in a little league uniform.
0	a pitcher on the mound getting ready to throw the ball
1	a pitcher on the mound getting ready to dodge the ball
1	a pitcher with the mound getting ready to throw the ball
0	Four baseball players and an umpire are in the middle of a baseball game on a baseball field with a net in front of them
1	four baseball players and an umpire are over the middle of a baseball game on a baseball field with a net in front of them
0	Pitcher in the motion of starting to pitch the ball to the plate.
1	pitcher at the motion of starting to pitch the ball to the plate.
0	The baseball batter stands ready to hit a pitch.
1	the baseball batter stands ready to miss a pitch.
0	The boy waits to hit the incoming baseball.
1	the boy waits to miss the incoming baseball.
0	A young boy wearing a baseball uniform holding a baseball bat.
0	A young player taking a swing at a ball
0	A young boy in a baseball uniform getting ready to swing at a pitch.
1	a happy boy wearing a baseball uniform holding a baseball bat.
1	a happy player taking a swing at a ball
1	a happy boy in a baseball uniform getting ready to swing at a pitch.
0	A child stands ready to hit a tennis ball while other children look on.
1	a child stands ready to miss a tennis ball while other children look on.
0	A woman in a white and blue outfit reaches to hit a tennis ball with her racket.
0	A tennis player preparing to hit a tennis ball.
1	a woman in a white and blue outfit reaches to miss a tennis ball with her racket.
1	a tennis player preparing to miss a tennis ball.
1	a woman upon a white and blue outfit reaches to hit a tennis ball with her racket.
0	A woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a woman holding a tennis racquet behind a tennis court.
0	a young tennis player serving a tennis ball
1	a happy tennis player serving a tennis ball
0	A tennis player sets his racket to hit the ball.
1	a tennis player sets his racket to miss the ball.
0	A young man jumps to hit a tennis ball.
1	a young man jumps to miss a tennis ball.
0	A man swinging for a ball on a tennis serve.
1	a man swinging for a ball with a tennis serve.
0	A person leaping and reaching to return volley in tennis game.
1	a person leaping and reaching to return volley at tennis game.
0	A boy is swinging at a tennis ball on an outdoor court.
1	a boy is swinging at a tennis ball in an outdoor court.
0	A tennis player on a hard surface court swinging a tennis racket while jumping.
1	a tennis player upon a hard surface court swinging a tennis racket while jumping.
1	a boy is swinging at a tennis ball on an indoor court.
1	a happy man jumps to hit a tennis ball.
1	a tennis player on a simple surface court swinging a tennis racket while jumping.
0	Two men wearing aprons working in a commercial-style kitchen.
1	two men wearing aprons working under a commercial-style kitchen.
0	Chefs preparing food in a professional metallic style kitchen.
1	chefs preparing food under a professional metallic style kitchen.
0	Two people standing around in a large kitchen.
1	two people standing around over a large kitchen.
0	two men in white shirts in a large steel kitchen
1	two men in white shirts beside a large steel kitchen
0	Two chefs in a restaurant kitchen preparing food.
1	two chefs at a restaurant kitchen preparing food.
0	Two cooks are cooking the food someone ordered at this restaurant
1	two cooks are cooking the food someone ordered upon this restaurant
0	The chef is cooking with pans on the stove next to an oven.
1	the chef is cooking with pans in the stove next to an oven.
0	Two men that are standing in a kitchen.
1	two men that are standing beside a kitchen.
0	Two cooks are near the stove in a stainless steel kitchen.
1	two cooks are in the stove in a stainless steel kitchen.
0	A man on a bicycle riding next to a train
1	a man beside a bicycle riding next to a train
0	A person is riding a bicycle but there is a train in the background.
1	a person is riding a bicycle but there is a train over the background.
0	A baby laying in a crib with a stuffed teddy bear.
1	a baby laying over a crib with a stuffed teddy bear.
0	A baby stares to the left while taking a picture with a teddy bear lays beside it .
1	a baby stares to the left while taking a picture with a teddy bear lays upon it.
0	A baby lies on blue and green bedding next to a teddy bear.
1	a baby lies with blue and green bedding next to a teddy bear.
0	a person with a shopping cart on a city street
1	a person with a shopping cart over a city street
0	a homeless man holding a cup and standing next to a shopping cart on a street
1	a homeless man holding a cup and standing next to a shopping cart with a street
0	People are walking on the street by a homeless person.
1	people are walking on the street on a homeless person.
0	A varying palette of neutrals in a bathroom awaits the softening of the cabinetry.
1	a varying palette of neutrals at a bathroom awaits the softening of the cabinetry.
0	A bathroom with a vanity cabinet on the wrong wall
1	a bathroom with a vanity cabinet over the wrong wall
0	A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a shower.
1	a white toilet sitting at a bathroom next to a shower.
0	A horse drawn carriage is in front of an old large building.
1	a horse drawn carriage is over front of an old large building.
0	A horse drawn carriage parked on the street.
1	a horse drawn carriage parked over the street.
0	Several motorcycles parked beneath trees in a park.
1	several motorcycles parked beneath trees upon a park.
0	THERE ARE A LOT OF MOTOR BIKES ON THE GRASS
1	there are a lot of motor bikes upon the grass
0	a line of parked motorcycles on some grass and trees
1	a line of parked motorcycles upon some grass and trees
0	A bunch of motorcycles line up near trees.
1	a bunch of motorcycles line up over trees.
0	Two people on mopeds passing in front of a building.
1	two people behind mopeds passing in front of a building.
0	two people riding scooter on a city street
1	two people riding scooter behind a city street
0	People on mopeds in front of a building.
1	people with mopeds in front of a building.
0	an image of a boy on his bike riding past a building
1	an image of a boy upon his bike riding past a building
0	A pillow covered reading chair in the corner of the living room
1	a pillow covered reading chair beside the corner of the living room
0	The living room is empty with the television on.
1	the living room is empty with the television over.
0	White ornate seat in nicely decorated room with television.
1	white ornate seat under nicely decorated room with television.
0	A white chair, books and shelves and a tv on in this room.
1	a white chair, books and shelves and a tv on at this room.
0	People are riding electric scooters in front of a large building.
1	people are riding electric scooters under front of a large building.
0	Many motorcycles riding in front of a KFC.
1	many motorcycles riding upon front of a kfc.
0	Two birds perched on a bread basked on a table.
1	two birds perched on a bread basked over a table.
0	Birds are standing in a basket on the table.
1	birds are standing in a basket upon the table.
0	three birds sitting on a bread basket near a newspaper
1	three birds sitting with a bread basket near a newspaper
0	A man sitting on a modern bench talking on a phone.
1	a man sitting on a modern bench talking with a phone.
0	A man sitting on a black and yellow bench on the phone.
1	a man sitting in a black and yellow bench on the phone.
0	A man is sitting on a public bench on a busy city street.
1	a man is sitting on a public bench upon a busy city street.
0	Man talking on personal cell phone on a yellow and black bench.
1	man talking on personal cell phone beside a yellow and black bench.
1	a man sitting on a ancient bench talking on a phone.
0	Traffic light at night, appearing very confusing.
1	traffic light across night, appearing very confusing.
0	There is a street light with two green arrows in different directions
1	there is a street light with two green arrows in like directions
0	Two buses parked in a parking lot next to cars.
1	two buses parked upon a parking lot next to cars.
0	a woman smiles as a giraffe walks in the back ground
1	a woman smiles as a giraffe walks upon the back ground
0	a lady with glasses with a giraffe behind her
1	a lady with glasses with a giraffe across her
0	A newly married emo hipster couple sitting on a bench.
1	a newly married emo hipster couple sitting behind a bench.
0	a woman and man sits on a wooden bench
1	a woman and man sits in a wooden bench
0	A smiling couple in wedding attire on a wooden bench.
1	a smiling couple over wedding attire on a wooden bench.
0	A giraffe and a zebra are in a grassy field.
1	a giraffe and a zebra are beside a grassy field.
0	A giraffe and zebra in field next to a fence and building.
1	a giraffe and zebra at field next to a fence and building.
0	A giraffe and a zebra are in their pen at the zoo.
1	a giraffe and a zebra are beside their pen at the zoo.
0	Giraffe walking near zebra lying in grass in enclosure.
1	giraffe walking across zebra lying in grass in enclosure.
0	A giraffe and a zebra are on a grassy field.
1	a giraffe and a zebra are behind a grassy field.
0	Two giraffes and another animal in a field.
1	two giraffes and another animal at a field.
0	Three giraffes grazing from a bush over a fence.
1	three giraffes grazing from a bush at a fence.
0	The giraffes crane their necks over the small fence because the fence is small and their necks are not small.
1	the giraffes crane their necks on the small fence because the fence is small and their necks are not small.
0	Three giraffe stand near each other close to a fence.
1	three giraffe stand over each other close to a fence.
0	A city street sign warning of a hill in different languages.
1	a city street sign warning of a hill upon different languages.
0	Closeup of two street signs with various languages on them.
1	closeup of two street signs with various languages upon them.
0	Two street signs attached to the same pole in two different languages.
1	two street signs attached to the same pole beside two different languages.
0	a street sign mounted on a vertical pole
1	a city street sign warning of a hill in like languages.
1	a street sign mounted on a horizontal pole
1	two street signs attached to the same pole in two like languages.
0	The street in the city is quiet this time of day.
1	the street upon the city is quiet this time of day.
0	a couple of yellow signs are near a taxi
1	a couple of yellow signs are in a taxi
0	ON A CITY ROAD THERE IS LOTS OF TAXIS
1	in a city road there is lots of taxis
0	Two guiding signs are pictured in front of a busy street.
1	two guiding signs are pictured upon front of a busy street.
0	A grey and white bird with red feet and eyes perches on a branch.
1	a grey and white bird with red feet and eyes perches in a branch.
0	a bird with a pink eye is sitting on a branch in the woods.
1	a bird with a pink eye is sitting on a branch beside the woods.
0	A bird with red eyes and claws is perched on a branch.
1	a bird with red eyes and claws is perched in a branch.
0	A bird with red and grey feathers on a table.
1	a bird with red and grey feathers with a table.
0	The colorful bird is standing on the table outside.
1	the colorful bird is standing beside the table outside.
0	A gray and red bird sitting on top of a table.
1	a gray and red bird sitting over top of a table.
0	A woodpecker that is sitting on top of a table.
1	a woodpecker that is sitting in top of a table.
0	One bird that looks like two different ones.
1	one bird that looks like two like ones.
0	A pair of sneakers hang in the background at this street corner.
1	a pair of sneakers hang beside the background at this street corner.
0	A Manila Av sign below a First St. sign.
1	a manila av sign in a first st. sign.
0	A view of someones shoes hanging on the power lines in the city.
1	a view of someones shoes hanging on the power lines at the city.
0	A street sign is placed under power lines.
1	a street sign is placed below power lines.
0	A street sign on a pole on a road.
1	a street sign on a pole over a road.
0	Two ducks floating together on a body of water.
1	two ducks floating together in a body of water.
0	Two ducks are swimming in the green colored pond.
1	two ducks are swimming at the green colored pond.
0	Two Canadian geese swim in a green pond.
1	two canadian geese swim upon a green pond.
0	Two ducks swim in a pond with green water.
1	two ducks swim in a pond on green water.
0	A tall two story gray house sitting in front of a street sign that readsd Nirvana Dr.
1	a tall two story gray house sitting over front of a street sign that readsd nirvana dr.
0	A street scene focused on a pole with a street name sign.
1	a street scene focused beside a pole with a street name sign.
0	A street sign is placed in front of a house.
1	a street sign is placed over front of a house.
0	A cute train planter set is seen outside of a real train.
1	a cute train planter set is seen underneath of a real train.
0	a man walks in between an old train and 3 planter boxes in the shape of a train
1	a man walks at between an old train and 3 planter boxes in the shape of a train
0	A man wearing a backpack walking along side of a stopped train with train planters with plants in them
1	a man wearing a backpack walking along side of a stopped train with train planters with plants at them
0	A red and blue train on a bridge during a cloudy day.
1	a red and blue train behind a bridge during a cloudy day.
0	a train crossing a tressle near a body of water
1	a train crossing a tressle in a body of water
0	A red and blue train driving over a train overpass
1	a red and blue train driving at a train overpass
0	a man is working near a parking meter outside
1	a man is working in a parking meter outside
0	A man is operating a jackhammer near a parking meter.
1	a man is operating a jackhammer over a parking meter.
0	A cat sitting on top of a red boat next to two dogs.
1	a cat sitting in top of a red boat next to two dogs.
0	A white cat sits on a large red object by a river
1	a white cat sits with a large red object by a river
0	Two dogs and a cat on a boat at edge of water.
1	two dogs and a cat beside a boat at edge of water.
0	The animal is standing by the booth at the event.
1	the animal is standing by the booth beside the event.
0	A cow is standing in front of a shop.
1	a cow is standing upon front of a shop.
0	A bull standing in front of a street vendor .
1	a bull standing upon front of a street vendor.
0	A cat sitting amongst books and clothing in a suitcase
1	a cat sitting amongst books and clothing beside a suitcase
0	The cat is laying on the clothes in the suitcase.
1	the cat is laying beside the clothes in the suitcase.
0	A cat is laying on top of a small suitcase.
1	a cat is laying beside top of a small suitcase.
0	A cat sitting on items inside of an open suitcase.
1	a cat sitting beside items inside of an open suitcase.
0	A brown and white cat is in a suitcase.
1	a brown and white cat is at a suitcase.
0	A cat is sleeping in a suitcase with folded clothing
1	a cat is sleeping beside a suitcase with folded clothing
0	A cat sitting inside a small, packed suitcase.
1	a cat sitting through a small, packed suitcase.
0	A furry cat sleeping inside a packed suitcase
1	a furry cat sleeping through a packed suitcase
0	A herd of cattle grazing on a lush green field.
1	a herd of cattle grazing over a lush green field.
0	Cattle are grazing in a bright green pasture along a river and mountains.
1	cattle are grazing over a bright green pasture along a river and mountains.
0	A few cows grazing in a field near trees.
1	a few cows grazing under a field near trees.
0	A cat feeding on a banana with a person feeding it to it.
1	a cat feeding over a banana with a person feeding it to it.
0	two cows outside one laying down and the other standing near a building
1	two cows outside one laying down and the other standing over a building
0	A cow standing in a grassy open field.
1	a cow standing beside a grassy open field.
0	A herd of cattle sitting and standing on a lush green field.
1	a herd of cattle sitting and standing beside a lush green field.
0	There white cows in grassy area with temples in background.
1	there white cows in grassy area with temples upon background.
0	a cat on top of different kinds of electronics
1	a cat behind top of different kinds of electronics
0	A cat sitting on a stack of electronics next to a television.
1	a cat sitting with a stack of electronics next to a television.
0	Cat sitting on stereo equipment next to monitor.
1	cat sitting over stereo equipment next to monitor.
0	A cat sitting on top of some electronics, next to a television.
1	a cat sitting over top of some electronics, next to a television.
1	a cat on top of like kinds of electronics
0	Two black and white cows graze on green grass while many more cows and a silo are featured in the background.
1	two black and white cows graze on green grass while many more cows and a silo are featured under the background.
0	Cows graze in a green pasture under blue skies.
1	cows graze in a green pasture behind blue skies.
0	Cows grazing in a pasture of green grass with a silo in the background.
1	cows grazing in a pasture of green grass with a silo under the background.
0	A black kitten lays on her side beside remote controls.
1	a black kitten lays on her side behind remote controls.
0	A couple of phones are on a blanket next to a black kitten.
1	a couple of phones are beside a blanket next to a black kitten.
0	Men standing in their boats that are in the water.
1	men standing in their boats that are at the water.
0	fishermen on a boat with  nets ready to fish
1	fishermen on a boat on nets ready to fish
0	A group of people standing on various boats with large nets.
1	a group of people standing behind various boats with large nets.
0	A group of people standing in some small boats.
1	a group of people standing over some small boats.
0	Three cows are tied up in a barn and standing in the hay.
1	three cows are tied up in a barn and standing under the hay.
0	three black and white cows are resting in hat
1	three black and white cows are resting at hat
0	Black and white cows sit in a pile of hay.
1	black and white cows sit over a pile of hay.
0	HERD OF ELEPHANTS IN THE WILD GRAZING AMONG THE TREES
1	herd of elephants over the wild grazing among the trees
0	Some animals are outside in the dirt in the daytime.
1	some animals are outside beside the dirt in the daytime.
0	Elephants gathered together on a dusty plane with some trees.
1	elephants gathered together upon a dusty plane with some trees.
0	A bunch of people wearing the same things are standing in line.
1	a bunch of people wearing the same things are standing over line.
0	a bunch of people in ties are grouped together
1	a bunch of people under ties are grouped together
0	A group of people stand together in a room all dressed formally and all in black.
1	a group of people stand together upon a room all dressed formally and all in black.
1	a group of people stand together in a room all dressed informally and all in black.
0	Several elephants are in a habitat as heads are in the foreground.
1	several elephants are beside a habitat as heads are in the foreground.
0	A small gray elephant  standing in an exhibit at a zoo.
1	a small gray elephant standing in an exhibit beside a zoo.
0	People are watching four elephants in a zoo.
1	people are watching four elephants under a zoo.
0	Several elephants in zoo enclosure with onlookers watching.
1	several elephants under zoo enclosure with onlookers watching.
0	An elephant in a zoo stands in front of the crowd.
1	an elephant at a zoo stands in front of the crowd.
0	A man in a tie with a shirt jacket thrown over his shoulder.
1	a man in a tie with a shirt jacket thrown below his shoulder.
0	A man wearing a tie holding his suit jacket over his shoulder
1	a man wearing a tie holding his suit jacket at his shoulder
0	a man is posing in this photo wearing a suit and tie
1	a man is posing at this photo wearing a suit and tie
0	A rhino is near an elephant near a water hold in the forest.
1	a rhino is near an elephant across a water hold in the forest.
0	An elephant and a rhino are grazing in an open wooded area.
1	an elephant and a rhino are grazing at an open wooded area.
0	An elephant walking not to far from a rhino in a forest.
1	an elephant walking not to far from a rhino over a forest.
0	Large group of different color ties sitting on display together.
1	large group of different color ties sitting upon display together.
0	a rack of very many different colored ties
1	a rack of very many like colored ties
1	large group of like color ties sitting on display together.
0	Various ties are displayed in a rolled fashion.
1	various ties are displayed beside a rolled fashion.
0	Various ties are on display in boxes on shelves.
1	various ties are over display in boxes on shelves.
0	Rack with a variety of different kinds of ties.
0	Several racks of different pattern types of ties.
1	rack with a variety of like kinds of ties.
1	several racks of like pattern types of ties.
0	A two story boat sailing on a crystal blue body of water.
1	a two story boat sailing upon a crystal blue body of water.
0	Tour boat out on the water with flags waving.
1	tour boat out in the water with flags waving.
0	A white boat with flags on it is in the water.
1	a white boat with flags upon it is in the water.
0	A white ship sails in the blue ocean water.
1	a white ship sails at the blue ocean water.
0	Suitcase with stickers outside on table in city.
1	suitcase with stickers inside on table in city.
0	a luggage bag on top of a table
1	a luggage bag behind top of a table
0	A briefcase with decorated with stickers placed on a table.
1	a briefcase with decorated with stickers placed beside a table.
0	A lunch box of some sorts is placed on the table.
1	a lunch box of some sorts is placed upon the table.
0	A byoung couple holds a baby under a striped umbrella.
1	a byoung couple holds a baby beside a striped umbrella.
0	A family is standing under and umbrella with their small child.
1	a family is standing beside and umbrella with their small child.
0	A couple protecting their young baby with a sun umbrella and cloth
1	a couple protecting their happy baby with a sun umbrella and cloth
0	A man holding an open umbrella near tall buildings.
1	a man holding an open umbrella in tall buildings.
0	A man holding a black umbrella outside of a hotel.
1	a man holding a black umbrella within of a hotel.
0	A person is standing in front of a hotel holding an umbrella.
1	a person is standing under front of a hotel holding an umbrella.
0	a bear sitting on a rock with a river running through it
1	a bear sitting beside a rock with a river running through it
0	the bear is hunting for salmon in the river
1	the bear is hunting for salmon at the river
0	A black bear looking back while on some stream rocks.
1	a black bear looking back while upon some stream rocks.
0	The wet black bear is standing on rocks in the river.
1	the wet black bear is standing behind rocks in the river.
0	A close up of a zebra foraging on some grass
1	a close up of a zebra foraging over some grass
0	A zebra grazing on long dry grass in a field.
1	a zebra grazing upon long dry grass in a field.
0	A zebra grazes on grass in a grassy field.
1	a zebra grazes on grass under a grassy field.
1	a zebra grazing on short dry grass in a field.
0	A small white dog sitting on the floor on top of a rug.
1	a small white dog sitting on the floor beside top of a rug.
0	A wooly, white dog sitting on the carpet
1	a wooly, white dog sitting upon the carpet
0	A white dog has curly matted hair in it's eyes.
1	a white dog has curly matted hair beside it's eyes.
0	A shaggy dog sit atop a blue and pink carpet.
1	a shaggy dog sit outside a blue and pink carpet.
0	A small beige dog with short curly hair.
1	a small beige dog with long curly hair.
0	A zebra is standing outside in the snow
1	a zebra is standing outside at the snow
0	One zebra standing in snow near a stone wall.
1	one zebra standing upon snow near a stone wall.
0	A zebra is standing in a snowy field.
1	a zebra is standing at a snowy field.
0	A zebra stands in snow in front of a wall.
1	a zebra stands at snow in front of a wall.
0	A zebra standing alone in the snow with a stone block wall and wooden fence behind it.
1	a zebra standing alone at the snow with a stone block wall and wooden fence behind it.
0	We are looking at a herd of zebras.
1	we are looking over a herd of zebras.
0	Zebras are knee high in grass on a field.
1	zebras are knee high beside grass on a field.
0	A zebra looks over another zebra in the grass.
1	a zebra looks near another zebra in the grass.
0	A man riding on the back of a wagon being pulled by two horses.
1	a man riding upon the back of a wagon being pulled by two horses.
0	A farmer on a plow being pulled by two horses.
1	a farmer behind a plow being pulled by two horses.
0	A pair of horses running through a grassy field
1	a pair of horses running up a grassy field
0	Two horses running inside a grassy fenced pasture.
1	two horses running around` a grassy fenced pasture.
0	Brown and white horses running through a grassy field.
1	brown and white horses running around` a grassy field.
0	two horses in a field of tall grass with trees in the background
1	two horses at a field of tall grass with trees in the background
0	Two men riding horses at a horse racing track.
1	two men riding horses beside a horse racing track.
0	Two race horses running on a dirt track.
1	two race horses running with a dirt track.
0	One horse trails behind another during a race.
1	one horse trails near another during a race.
0	Two horses are racing on a track.
1	two horses are racing behind a track.
0	A man riding a horse with trees and buildings in background.
1	a man riding a horse on trees and buildings in background.
0	Two adults playing a game in a arena.
1	two adults playing a game beside a arena.
0	two men on horses jousting each other in an arena
1	two men behind horses jousting each other in an arena
0	Two people jousting on horseback with a watching crowd.
1	two people jousting on horseback on a watching crowd.
0	A couple of people dressed in knight outfits jousting.
1	a couple of people dressed under knight outfits jousting.
0	A man in black leading an all white horse
1	a man over black leading an all white horse
0	Mythical character with white horse standing on grooved surface.
1	mythical character with white horse standing over grooved surface.
0	Banana and oranges on a lunch try next to bowls.
1	banana and oranges with a lunch try next to bowls.
0	A banana sits by two oranges, a bowl and a white plate on a white tray.
1	a banana sits on two oranges, a bowl and a white plate on a white tray.
0	a banana and two oranges sit on a tray next to a bowl and a plate
1	a banana and two oranges sit over a tray next to a bowl and a plate
0	Clusters of bananas and pictures hanging on a wall.
1	clusters of bananas and pictures hanging over a wall.
0	A large group of bananas hanging in front of posters
1	a large group of bananas hanging under front of posters
0	Bunches of bananas hung on display at a  market.
1	bunches of bananas hung behind display at a market.
0	Bunches of bananas and other fruit and vegetables displayed in buckets
1	bunches of bananas and other fruit and vegetables displayed beside buckets
0	A huge assortment of fruit with a lot of bananas.
1	a tiny assortment of fruit with a lot of bananas.
0	Two men in skis are standing on a ski slope.
1	two men beside skis are standing on a ski slope.
0	Two skiers stand on top of a snowy hill.
1	two skiers stand upon top of a snowy hill.
0	a couple of people on skis pose in the snow
1	a couple of people in skis pose in the snow
0	Two men are snow boarding in the mountain.
1	two men are snow boarding under the mountain.
0	two men standing by each other on a snowy hill
1	two men standing on each other on a snowy hill
0	Bananas, marshmellows, chocolate chips and sprinkles in a bowl
1	bananas, marshmellows, chocolate chips and sprinkles upon a bowl
0	Some dessert and toppings are in a blue plastic bowl.
1	some dessert and toppings are over a blue plastic bowl.
0	An old woman in a flowered dress is holding a plate of bananas.
1	an old woman under a flowered dress is holding a plate of bananas.
0	An older woman in a colorful skirt is holding a plate of bananas.
1	an older woman under a colorful skirt is holding a plate of bananas.
0	A black woman wearing a dress holding a plate in her hand with bananas on it.
1	a black woman wearing a dress holding a plate in her hand with bananas beside it.
0	A tiny chair and pieces of broccoli on a white surface.
1	a tiny chair and pieces of broccoli over a white surface.
0	three stalks of broccoli one sitting on a chair
1	three stalks of broccoli one sitting upon a chair
0	Three pieces of broccoli arranged standing up with one piece on a miniature chair
1	three pieces of broccoli arranged standing up with one piece beside a miniature chair
1	a huge chair and pieces of broccoli on a white surface.
0	A group of people riding skis across snow covered ground.
1	a group of people riding skis upon snow covered ground.
0	Three people standing holding ski poles in snow, of which, a man and a woman are smiling into the camera, beside another woman looking away, with evergreens, and two people in distance.
1	three people standing holding ski poles in snow, of which, a man and a woman are smiling into the camera, in another woman looking away, with evergreens, and two people in distance.
0	Black and white photograph of a woman on skis.
1	black and white photograph of a woman in skis.
0	A woman on skis holding one hand up with a pole.
1	a woman with skis holding one hand up with a pole.
0	A young child holding a skateboard in a skate park.
1	a young child holding a skateboard over a skate park.
0	Young boy holding a skateboard at a park.
1	young boy holding a skateboard behind a park.
0	A smiling young boy holds a skateboard as young men skateboard in the background.
0	A young child is holding a skate board next to some ramps.
1	a smiling happy boy holds a skateboard as young men skateboard in the background.
1	a happy child holding a skateboard in a skate park.
1	happy boy holding a skateboard at a park.
1	a happy child is holding a skate board next to some ramps.
0	A young boy with safety gear on a skate board in his backyard
1	a young boy with safety gear over a skate board in his backyard
0	a young person riding a skate board near a field
1	a young person riding a skate board over a field
0	A  young boy on a patio with a skate board.
1	a young boy on a patio on a skate board.
0	A young boy in a backyard standing with one foot on a skateboard.
0	A young boy wearing protective gear riding a skateboard
1	a happy boy with safety gear on a skate board in his backyard
1	a happy person riding a skate board near a field
1	a happy boy in a backyard standing with one foot on a skateboard.
1	a happy boy wearing protective gear riding a skateboard
1	a happy boy on a patio with a skate board.
0	Two toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste are in a cup.
1	two toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste are beside a cup.
0	Miniature electric toothbrushes and toothpaste inside a cup.
1	miniature electric toothbrushes and toothpaste around` a cup.
0	two toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste in a cup
1	two toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste at a cup
0	a person is standing on top of a skate board
1	a person is standing upon top of a skate board
0	Someones feet on a skateboard with their shoes on.
1	someones feet on a skateboard with their shoes behind.
0	Child biting into a hot dog with a basket on the table and a man sitting at the table behind her.
1	child biting into a hot dog with a basket on the table and a man sitting across the table behind her.
0	a happy kid eating a hot dog at a restaurant table
1	a happy kid eating a hot dog beside a restaurant table
0	A child in a colorful hoodie biting into a sandwich.
1	a child beside a colorful hoodie biting into a sandwich.
1	a angry kid eating a hot dog at a restaurant table
0	Man on skateboard riding around a garage next to car.
1	man in skateboard riding around a garage next to car.
0	A man riding a skateboard on the cement near a car.
1	a man riding a skateboard on the cement upon a car.
0	A man riding on a skateboard near a crate.
1	a man riding upon a skateboard near a crate.
0	man on skateboard beside a milk crate in driveway
1	man on skateboard beside a milk crate beside driveway
0	An explorer or adventurer hikes in a remote area in challenging weather.
1	an explorer or adventurer hikes at a remote area in challenging weather.
0	This is a person with a jacket, pants and a mask on in a sandy place.
1	this is a person with a jacket, pants and a mask in in a sandy place.
0	Man on large open area covered with snow.
1	man in large open area covered with snow.
0	A small dog chewing on hot dog like dog toy.
1	a small dog chewing in hot dog like dog toy.
0	The dog is sitting on a pillow and eating a hot dog.
1	the dog is sitting upon a pillow and eating a hot dog.
0	A dog is lounged on a bean bag while chewing a hot dog toy.
1	a dog is lounged over a bean bag while chewing a hot dog toy.
0	A dog chewing on a chew toy while sitting on a beanbag.
1	a dog chewing on a chew toy while sitting with a beanbag.
0	Two people outside in snow gear with a snowboard.
1	two people outside in snow gear on a snowboard.
0	Two people dressed in snow suits looking at a snow board.
1	two people dressed beside snow suits looking at a snow board.
0	Two people in ski gear looking at a snow board at night
1	two people upon ski gear looking at a snow board at night
0	A baby in a carseat eating a donut.
1	a baby upon a carseat eating a donut.
0	a close up of a child in a car seat with a doughnut
1	a close atop of a child in a car seat with a doughnut
0	The young child is eating a donut in the car.
1	the young child is eating a donut under the car.
0	a young boy in car seat holding a donut
1	a happy boy in car seat holding a donut
1	the happy child is eating a donut in the car.
0	A person body surfing on a wave in the ocean.
1	a person body surfing on a wave at the ocean.
0	A person in a wave in the ocean.
1	a person upon a wave in the ocean.
0	A person riding on a surfboard in the ocean.
1	a person riding beside a surfboard in the ocean.
0	A girl is holding a novelty tennis racket in a very large size.
1	a girl is holding a novelty tennis racket under a very large size.
0	A  young woman holding a giant tennis racquet
0	A pretty young woman holding a giant tennis racquet.
1	a happy woman holding a giant tennis racquet
1	a pretty happy woman holding a giant tennis racquet.
0	a brown sofa with pineapple pillows and and ottoman with two remotes on it
1	a brown sofa with pineapple pillows and and ottoman with two remotes over it
0	A close up of a smiling woman with glasses, seen only from the waist up shows that she is manipulating something like a ribbon of diaphanous   fabric,
1	a close towards of a smiling woman with glasses, seen only from the waist up shows that she is manipulating something like a ribbon of diaphanous fabric,
0	A smiling woman in motion, holding wii controls.
1	a smiling woman over motion, holding wii controls.
0	a monitor that is on a big white counter
1	a monitor that is in a big white counter
0	a cat laying on top of a chair in the living room
1	a cat laying in top of a chair in the living room
0	A room with a couch, chair, table and television in it.
1	a room with a couch, chair, table and television under it.
0	Cat sitting on recliner back in room facing the television
1	cat sitting on recliner back under room facing the television
0	A group of women playing a game of soccer on field.
1	a group of women playing a game of soccer beside field.
0	young females playing soccer on a green soccer field
1	young females playing soccer behind a green soccer field
1	happy females playing soccer on a green soccer field
0	two kids play at the beach with their kite
1	two kids play over the beach with their kite
0	Two persons flying a kite on the sea beach.
1	two persons flying a kite over the sea beach.
0	Two little kids flying a kite on a beach.
1	two little kids flying a kite with a beach.
0	Two children flying a kite on the beach.
1	two children flying a kite beside the beach.
0	Two children on a beach flying a yellow kite.
1	two children over a beach flying a yellow kite.
0	A girl getting pushed in a child's swing.
1	a girl getting pushed beside a child's swing.
0	A man pushes a brightly smiling little girl on a swing.
1	a man pushes a brightly smiling little girl in a swing.
0	A man pushing a girl on a swing.
1	a man pushing a girl over a swing.
0	a young girl on a swing being pushed by her dad
1	a happy girl on a swing being pushed by her dad
0	A strange brass statue holding a clock on a bureau
1	a strange brass statue holding a clock behind a bureau
0	Clock statue sitting in front of a wall mirror
1	clock statue sitting beside front of a wall mirror
0	A mirror stands with a desk and a clock by it..
1	a mirror stands with a desk and a clock on it..
0	A very tall pretty clock in front of a mirror.
1	a very tall pretty clock upon front of a mirror.
0	a girl wearing an orange shirt on some grass
1	a girl wearing an orange shirt over some grass
0	A girl throwing a boomerang in a backyard.
1	a girl throwing a boomerang beside a backyard.
0	A young lady throwing a blue frisbee while standing on a lush green field.
1	a happy lady throwing a blue frisbee while standing on a lush green field.
0	An old clock is illuminated at night on a street corner.
1	an old clock is illuminated behind night on a street corner.
0	A large clock sitting on a sidewalk in front of a brick building.
1	a large clock sitting with a sidewalk in front of a brick building.
0	Blurry photograph of a lamppost clock light on a street corner
1	blurry photograph of a lamppost clock light upon a street corner
0	a city street at night with a lit clock on the corner
1	a city street at night with a lit clock in the corner
0	Two children are sitting at a table eating food.
1	two children are sitting across a table eating food.
0	Two kids at a table with one eating while the other looks on
1	two kids at a table with one eating while the other looks in
0	A baby and an older toddler sitting at a kitchen table.
1	a baby and an older toddler sitting beside a kitchen table.
0	Two children sitting at a table eating food.
1	two children sitting behind a table eating food.
0	Two young children are eating food off of a plate.
1	two happy children are eating food off of a plate.
0	A man on a tennis court jumping to reach the ball with his racket
1	a man with a tennis court jumping to reach the ball with his racket
0	A person jumping as they swing at a incoming tennis ball.
1	a person jumping as they swing across a incoming tennis ball.
0	A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a woman swinging a tennis racquet upon a tennis court.
0	A group of men in suits sitting at a table using laptop computers.
1	a group of men upon suits sitting at a table using laptop computers.
0	A group of men sitting by tables working on laptops
1	a group of men sitting by tables working upon laptops
0	A group of men sitting at a desk with lap top computers.
1	a group of men sitting over a desk with lap top computers.
0	A closeup of a hand manipulating gadgets in a pocket.
1	a closeup of a hand manipulating gadgets under a pocket.
0	A phone and another device in a small pouch.
1	a phone and another device under a small pouch.
0	A man stands and talks on his cell phone.
1	a man stands and talks over his cell phone.
0	A man in strange attire on a phone in a field
1	a man in strange attire in a phone in a field
0	A big man speaks on a cell phone while at a vintage festival.
1	a big man speaks on a cell phone while across a vintage festival.
0	a man standing in a costume talking on a cell phone
1	a man standing under a costume talking on a cell phone
0	A person on a cell phone in a room.
1	a person upon a cell phone in a room.
0	A woman holding a smart phone in her hands.
1	a woman holding a smart phone beside her hands.
0	The young people are texting on their cel phones.
1	the young people are texting with their cel phones.
0	A group all looking at their cell phones
1	a group all looking over their cell phones
1	a woman holding a dumb phone in her hands.
1	the happy people are texting on their cel phones.
0	A smart phone sitting on top of a wooden table.
1	a smart phone sitting behind top of a wooden table.
0	cell phone with accessories attached to it left on the table
1	cell phone with accessories attached to it left behind the table
1	a dumb phone sitting on top of a wooden table.
0	a pizza with olives sitting on a pizza pan on top of an oven
1	a pizza on olives sitting on a pizza pan on top of an oven
0	A pizza sits on a pan waiting to go in the oven.
1	a pizza sits with a pan waiting to go in the oven.
0	A pizza on a tray sitting on top of a stove.
1	a pizza upon a tray sitting on top of a stove.
0	Sliced lemons and a knife rest on a cutting board.
1	sliced lemons and a knife rest behind a cutting board.
0	A view of a kitchen full of kitchen utensils on a cutting board.
1	a view of a kitchen full of kitchen utensils with a cutting board.
0	The dishes are white with blue details and a daisy in the vase.
1	the dishes are white with blue details and a daisy beside the vase.
0	a close up of a pitcher and a vase with a flower inside
1	a close up of a pitcher and a vase with a flower up
0	A group of people standing outside of a doorway with a ribbon on it.
1	a group of people standing underneath of a doorway with a ribbon on it.
0	A group of people stand outside a building at a ribbon cutting.
1	a group of people stand inside a building at a ribbon cutting.
0	Some people are waiting in an open doorway
1	some people are waiting under an open doorway
0	A clock sitting in the middle of the city, in front of a building.
1	a clock sitting at the middle of the city, in front of a building.
0	Clockpost on the sidewalk in front of a travel agency.
1	clockpost on the sidewalk upon front of a travel agency.
0	a clock on a pole on a city street
1	a clock on a pole with a city street
0	A clock that is on top of a tower in front of a building.
1	a clock that is on top of a tower under front of a building.
0	A street with various buildings on each side and a clock tower.
1	a street with various buildings over each side and a clock tower.
0	A narrow lane has buildings on either side and one of the buildings is yellow and another is yellow and white.
1	a narrow lane has buildings with either side and one of the buildings is yellow and another is yellow and white.
0	There is a church at the end of the street.
1	there is a church over the end of the street.
1	a dirty lane has buildings on either side and one of the buildings is yellow and another is yellow and white.
0	A couple of people that are standing at a table with various objects.
1	a couple of people that are standing over a table with various objects.
0	A man and a woman eating dinner at a table.
1	a man and a woman eating dinner beside a table.
0	A boy and a girl sitting around a table with plates on it.
1	a boy and a girl sitting around a table with plates upon it.
0	A man standing with a glass in his hand.
1	a man standing with a glass under his hand.
0	A man that is holding a wine glass in one hand.
1	a man that is holding a wine glass under one hand.
0	a man is holding something in his hand
1	a man is holding something under his hand
0	Many people are sitting on two benches next to a light pole.
1	many people are sitting upon two benches next to a light pole.
0	A group of women sitting on a bench near a light pole.
1	a group of women sitting on a bench across a light pole.
0	a cat laying on the floor of a kitchen
1	a cat laying in the floor of a kitchen
0	A black cat on a home kitchen floor
1	a black cat beside a home kitchen floor
0	A cat on a kitchen floor peering intently at the refrigerator
1	a cat with a kitchen floor peering intently at the refrigerator
0	A fat black cat is laying in the middle of a kitchen floor.
1	a fat black cat is laying under the middle of a kitchen floor.
0	A black cat is in the middle of a kitchen floor.
1	a black cat is beside the middle of a kitchen floor.
0	A bunch of people playing with a Frisbee in a park.
1	a bunch of people playing with a frisbee beside a park.
0	The large group of people are playing Frisbee in the park.
1	the large group of people are playing frisbee under the park.
0	A woman in brown jacket throwing a yellow frisbee.
1	a woman over brown jacket throwing a yellow frisbee.
0	A woman cooking on an old fashioned stove.
1	a woman cooking over an old fashioned stove.
0	A man preparing food on a large old oven.
1	a man preparing food upon a large old oven.
0	A woman wearing shorts bends over a frying pan on a stove.
1	a woman wearing shorts bends at a frying pan on a stove.
0	A kitchen island has a farmhouse sink on it.
1	a kitchen island has a farmhouse sink behind it.
0	A sink in a peninsula in a kitchen.
1	a sink in a peninsula over a kitchen.
0	An empty living room in an apartment with several chairs sitting in the middle of it.
1	an empty living room under an apartment with several chairs sitting in the middle of it.
0	A room with threes chairs, a rug, a shoe and a basket in it.
1	a room with threes chairs, a rug, a shoe and a basket beside it.
0	The apartment has some chairs but doesn't appear to be lived in.
1	the apartment has some chairs but doesn't appear to be lived at.
0	An intracately designed boat on a river bank.
1	an intracately designed boat behind a river bank.
0	An elaborate boat reflects against the water below it.
1	an elaborate boat reflects against the water upon it.
0	People walk by a boat sitting on the water.
1	people walk by a boat sitting beside the water.
0	A pair of dogs sit on a bathroom rug.
1	a pair of dogs sit in a bathroom rug.
0	Two dogs are standing on the bathroom rug.
1	two dogs are standing in the bathroom rug.
0	Two dogs standing on a rug in a bathroom.
1	two dogs standing upon a rug in a bathroom.
0	Two dogs stand side by side with their back to the camera in a bathroom
1	two dogs stand side by side on their back to the camera in a bathroom
0	Two dogs standing on a bathroom rug in front of the shower while someone is showering.
1	two dogs standing behind a bathroom rug in front of the shower while someone is showering.
0	this clean bathroom has all white fixtures in it
1	this clean bathroom has all white fixtures over it
0	A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a tub.
1	a white toilet sitting upon a bathroom next to a tub.
0	a bathroom with a sink and a toilet in it
1	a bathroom on a sink and a toilet in it
0	A stone street with bicycles and motor bikes parked on the side and people standing on the sidewalks in front of buildings.
1	a stone street with bicycles and motor bikes parked with the side and people standing on the sidewalks in front of buildings.
0	Motorcycles and mopeds line a side street during the day in a city.
1	motorcycles and mopeds line a side street during the day beside a city.
0	A bathroom has a tub and sink in it.
1	a bathroom has a tub and sink over it.
0	A view through a doorway into an empty bathroom.
1	a view outside a doorway into an empty bathroom.
0	a bath robe and towels in a bathroom
1	a bath robe and towels at a bathroom
0	A modern bathroom with marble walls and floor.
1	a ancient bathroom with marble walls and floor.
0	Several automatic urinals are on the wall of a bathroom.
1	several automatic urinals are with the wall of a bathroom.
0	a row of urinals and hand sanitizers on a bathroom wall.
1	a row of urinals and hand sanitizers over a bathroom wall.
0	A row of urinals with air freshener boxes on a wall.
1	a row of urinals with air freshener boxes in a wall.
0	a person in a bathroom having a reflection in the mirror
1	a person upon a bathroom having a reflection in the mirror
0	a white toilet is in the corner of a bathroom
1	a white toilet is beside the corner of a bathroom
0	a man in a room with a camera with a toilet
1	a man in a room on a camera with a toilet
0	A couple of white toilets in a room.
1	a couple of white toilets under a room.
0	A very dirty looking rest room with two toilets.
1	a very cheap looking rest room with two toilets.
0	A white toilet sitting under a window near a sink.
1	a white toilet sitting behind a window near a sink.
0	Sign on wall in public restroom stall near sink.
1	sign in wall in public restroom stall near sink.
0	We are looking at a toiled in a public restroom.
1	we are looking at a toiled beside a public restroom.
0	A piece of chocolate cake sits on a plate with a fork.
1	a piece of chocolate cake sits in a plate with a fork.
0	a piece of chocolate cake and a fork on a plate
1	a piece of chocolate cake and a fork upon a plate
0	A closeup on some chocolate cake has a fork by it.
1	a closeup with some chocolate cake has a fork by it.
0	A piece of dutch chocolate cake with a fork  on a plate.
1	a piece of dutch chocolate cake with a fork in a plate.
0	Two people riding on the back of a red motorcycle in the city.
1	two people riding on the back of a red motorcycle upon the city.
0	Two people riding on a red motorcycle in the middle of the road.
1	two people riding upon a red motorcycle in the middle of the road.
0	A line of motorcycles parked on a street
1	a line of motorcycles parked in a street
0	A close up of an orange in a red serving bowl.
1	a close up of an orange over a red serving bowl.
0	a orange sliced in half and resting in a bowl
1	a orange sliced in half and resting beside a bowl
0	A sliced orange half in a red bowl.
1	a sliced orange half upon a red bowl.
0	A slice of orange sitting in a red bowl.
1	a slice of orange sitting upon a red bowl.
0	the orange is in a bowl on the table
1	the orange is in a bowl with the table
0	Partially eaten cake on a white plate in a restaurant
1	partially eaten cake upon a white plate in a restaurant
0	The desert is ready to be eaten on the table.
1	the desert is ready to be eaten in the table.
0	a piece of cake is on a white plate
1	a piece of cake is over a white plate
0	a plate that has a piece of cake on it
1	a plate that has a piece of cake behind it
1	altogether eaten cake on a white plate in a restaurant
0	A large jet sitting on top of an airport tarmac.
1	a large jet sitting with top of an airport tarmac.
0	A small passenger plane loading cargo in an airport.
1	a small passenger plane loading cargo under an airport.
0	an airplane sitting on an asphalt landing strip.
1	an airplane sitting in an asphalt landing strip.
0	An airport parked on an airstrip in front of a building.
1	an airport parked in an airstrip in front of a building.
0	The plane is sitting on the runway at the airport.
1	the plane is sitting behind the runway at the airport.
0	Two planes fly next to each other with only the sky visible in the background.
1	two planes fly next to each other with only the sky visible under the background.
0	A large airplane and a smaller one beneath are in flight.
1	a large airplane and a smaller one beneath are beside flight.
0	A couple of small airplanes high up in the sky.
1	a couple of small airplanes high up under the sky.
0	two older planes flying in the air next to each other
1	two older planes flying at the air next to each other
0	Two planes are flying in unison with each other.
1	two planes are flying beside unison with each other.
0	A group of people standing outside of a small airplane.
1	a group of people standing underneath of a small airplane.
0	People standing in shallow water, next to a float plane.
1	people standing beside shallow water, next to a float plane.
0	People in hats and sunglasses are standing in the water near a plane.
1	people at hats and sunglasses are standing in the water near a plane.
0	A couple stands in shallow water next to a light aircraft.
1	a couple stands upon shallow water next to a light aircraft.
0	A airplane parked out on a runway by itself.
1	a airplane parked out behind a runway by itself.
0	An airplane on a small airfield runway.
1	an airplane in a small airfield runway.
0	A white airplane is on the ground at an airport.
1	a white airplane is beside the ground at an airport.
0	A giraffe standing in a dry, open field.
1	a giraffe standing at a dry, open field.
0	A giraffe stands out in the dried out field alone
1	a giraffe stands out beside the dried out field alone
0	A cat sitting up on its hind feet on a park bench
1	a cat sitting up behind its hind feet on a park bench
0	A black cat stands up on its hind legs on a bench.
1	a black cat stands up on its hind legs over a bench.
0	A cat standing up on a wooden bench.
1	a cat standing up upon a wooden bench.
0	A black cat sitting on top of a wooden bench.
1	a black cat sitting behind top of a wooden bench.
0	A woman and a brown dog are sitting on the ground.
1	a woman and a brown dog are sitting behind the ground.
0	a brown dog is sitting in front of a young woman
1	a brown dog is sitting under front of a young woman
0	A dog sits on the sidewalk while a girl looks at her cellphone.
1	a dog sits on the sidewalk while a girl looks behind her cellphone.
1	a brown dog is sitting in front of a happy woman
0	A statue of a giraffe eating at a marina.
1	a statue of a giraffe eating beside a marina.
0	A giraffe is standing near the water with a lot of sailboats lined up.
1	a giraffe is standing upon the water with a lot of sailboats lined up.
0	A police office standing on a street corner next to a power box.
1	a police office standing over a street corner next to a power box.
0	Man in uniform standing on sidewalk looking across a street.
1	man in uniform standing in sidewalk looking across a street.
0	A man in uniform standing next to machines.
1	a man over uniform standing next to machines.
0	This is an image of a man in uniform on a sidewalk.
1	this is an image of a man in uniform over a sidewalk.
0	A giraffe standing at a dirt road eating off a tree branch.
1	a giraffe standing behind a dirt road eating off a tree branch.
0	a colorful double decker bus doing down the road beside a semi
1	a colorful double decker bus doing down the road in a semi
0	A double decker bus on a street in England
1	a double decker bus in a street in england
0	A double decker bus is traveling down the road on an empty street.
1	a double decker bus is traveling down the road beside an empty street.
0	An older couple sits on a bench near the lake with lilypads.
1	an older couple sits on a bench in the lake with lilypads.
0	Man and woman hikers sitting on rustic bench in front of a pond.
1	man and woman hikers sitting behind rustic bench in front of a pond.
0	Two old people sitting on a bench before a wooded lake
1	two old people sitting behind a bench before a wooded lake
0	Street full of cars, double decker buses, and someone on a bike
1	street full of cars, double decker buses, and someone with a bike
0	A red and white double decker bus on a street.
1	a red and white double decker bus beside a street.
0	A red double decker bus on the road with other traffic around
1	a red double decker bus over the road with other traffic around
0	A yellow fire hydrant surrounded by flowers in front of a gray house.
1	a yellow fire hydrant surrounded by flowers beside front of a gray house.
0	A bright yellow fire hydrant has pretty flowers and decorative stones surrounding it; a cement building is in the background and one of the curtains is very colorful.
1	a bright yellow fire hydrant has pretty flowers and decorative stones surrounding it; a cement building is under the background and one of the curtains is very colorful.
0	A giraffe standing outside of a building next to a tree.
1	a giraffe standing towards of a building next to a tree.
0	A giraffe standing in a small piece of shade.
1	a giraffe standing upon a small piece of shade.
0	A giraffe finds some sparse shade in his habitat
1	a giraffe finds some sparse shade at his habitat
0	Giraffe standing in a holding pen near a tree stump.
1	giraffe standing in a holding pen over a tree stump.
0	A picture of several people in a sail boat in the ocean.
1	a picture of several people at a sail boat in the ocean.
0	Two men relax in a small boat on a lake.
1	two men relax in a small boat over a lake.
0	a small boat with two people in a body of water
1	a small boat on two people in a body of water
0	One man is on the tip of a small boar hanging off to the side.
1	one man is upon the tip of a small boar hanging off to the side.
0	Two people riding in  a row boat on calm water.
1	two people riding in a row boat beside calm water.
0	Three birds are looking around while on the ground.
1	three birds are looking around while behind the ground.
0	Sea birds walking on wet sand at the beach
1	sea birds walking upon wet sand at the beach
0	Three birds stand around on a sandy beach.
1	three birds stand around in a sandy beach.
0	A large predatory bird sits on a tree branch in an exhibit.
1	a large predatory bird sits on a tree branch beside an exhibit.
0	Large black bird standing on the branch of a tree.
1	large black bird standing with the branch of a tree.
0	A brown falcon perches on the branch of a tree.
1	a brown falcon perches upon the branch of a tree.
0	A bird sitting on the branch of a tree looking away.
1	a bird sitting beside the branch of a tree looking away.
0	A large black bird perched on a large tree branch.
1	a large black bird perched with a large tree branch.
0	a close up of a dog with a hat
1	a close underneath of a dog with a hat
0	A dog that is laying down with a party hat on its head.
1	a dog that is laying down with a party hat over its head.
0	This dog is wearing a Happy Birthday hat.
0	A shaggy dog wearing a happy birthday hat and laying on the ground.
1	this dog is wearing a angry birthday hat.
1	a shaggy dog wearing a angry birthday hat and laying on the ground.
0	A man with a brown bag and blue jacket stands by a train that is moving.
1	a man with a brown bag and blue jacket stands on a train that is moving.
0	A man in blue jacket standing by a passing train.
1	a man at blue jacket standing by a passing train.
0	Man standing on platform as train speeds by
1	man standing in platform as train speeds by
0	a man standing near a train with luggage
1	a man standing below a train with luggage
0	a woman waiting on the platform for a train
1	a woman waiting in the platform for a train
0	THERE ARE ANIMALS THAT ARE GRASSING IN THE FIELD
1	there are animals that are grassing at the field
0	A group of sheep in a fenced in area.
1	a group of sheep upon a fenced in area.
0	A big herd of animals grazing in a big field.
1	a big herd of animals grazing beside a big field.
0	Several animals walking and grazing on a farm.
1	several animals walking and grazing over a farm.
0	A small calf is in a pen with bails of hay.
1	a small calf is upon a pen with bails of hay.
0	A truck with an animal, hay, and other containers in the back.
1	a truck with an animal, hay, and other containers beside the back.
0	A cow in the back of a large truck.
1	a cow under the back of a large truck.
0	A train moves slowly on some empty tracks
1	a train moves slowly in some empty tracks
0	a red train on a train track sitting next to a field
1	a red train beside a train track sitting next to a field
1	a train moves quickly on some empty tracks
0	The cat with a damaged eye sits on a pair of shoes.
1	the cat on a damaged eye sits on a pair of shoes.
0	a cat in brown and white lying near a shoe
1	a cat at brown and white lying near a shoe
0	A bottle of wine and red wine in a goblet near a cat statute.
1	a bottle of wine and red wine beside a goblet near a cat statute.
0	The cows are standing on the hay in a meadow.
1	the cows are standing on the hay at a meadow.
0	There are a few cows standing in a field.
1	there are a few cows standing at a field.
0	A cow that is close by is looking at the camera man.
1	a cow that is close by is looking upon the camera man.
0	A couple of  reddish brownish cows on a grassy pasture.
1	a couple of reddish brownish cows over a grassy pasture.
0	A cat sleeping on top of a pillow on a bed.
1	a cat sleeping upon top of a pillow on a bed.
0	A furry cat naps on a white, plush surface.
1	a furry cat naps behind a white, plush surface.
0	The cat is sleeping on a white blanket.
1	the cat is sleeping beside a white blanket.
0	a close up of a cat laying on a bed
1	a close up of a cat laying upon a bed
0	a cat on a window sill with a bag
1	a cat in a window sill with a bag
0	A cat is up in a blue windowsill playing with a package that is sitting there.
1	a cat is up upon a blue windowsill playing with a package that is sitting there.
0	A white and black kitten sitting in a blue and red window.
1	a white and black kitten sitting under a blue and red window.
0	A black and white cat outside of a red and blue window.
1	a black and white cat within of a red and blue window.
0	Pug wearing tie as bearded man stares at camera
1	pug wearing tie as bearded man stares behind camera
0	The man is sitting in a chair holding a dog.
1	the man is sitting beside a chair holding a dog.
0	A black and white photograph of people at a party.
1	a black and white photograph of people over a party.
0	A group photo from the 1960's of teenagers in suits and dresses.
1	a group photo from the 1960's of teenagers under suits and dresses.
0	A brown and white dog wearing a tie on carpet.
1	a brown and white dog wearing a tie behind carpet.
0	A dog is sitting with a neck tie on.
1	a dog is sitting with a neck tie over.
0	fruit and vegetables in a container with separate sections
1	fruit and vegetables in a container on separate sections
0	a close up of a plastic container with food
1	a close underneath of a plastic container with food
0	A container with three sections, each containing different fruits and vegetables.
1	a container with three sections, each containing like fruits and vegetables.
0	A man wearing a white shirt and a black bow tie standing in a room.
1	a man wearing a white shirt and a black bow tie standing beside a room.
0	A just married couple in the back of a car.
1	a just married couple over the back of a car.
0	A woman wearing a wedding gown holding flowers is in a car with a man in a suit and tie.
1	a woman wearing a wedding gown holding flowers is in a car on a man in a suit and tie.
0	A young couple in a car on their wedding day.
1	a happy couple in a car on their wedding day.
0	A newly married couple standing in front of a door.
1	a newly married couple standing upon front of a door.
0	Antique black and white photograph of a couple on their wedding day
1	antique black and white photograph of a couple with their wedding day
0	A man wearing eyeglasses dressed in a shirt and tie.
1	a man wearing eyeglasses dressed over a shirt and tie.
0	There are Christmas decorations strung up over the street.
1	there are christmas decorations strung up below the street.
0	THERE IS A DECROCATION OF DIFFERENT LIGTHS IN THE CITY
1	there is a decrocation of like ligths in the city
0	PICNIC GATHERING AT THE PARK, IN THE RAIN,SOME HOLDING UMBRELLAS
1	picnic gathering at the park, beside the rain, some holding umbrellas
0	A person taking a photo of a couple under an umbrella
1	a person taking a photo of a couple beside an umbrella
0	People in the park having a picnic with opened umbrellas
1	people at the park having a picnic with opened umbrellas
0	Adult elephant with young walking in grassy area.
1	adult elephant with young walking under grassy area.
0	A big and a small elephant out in the sun
1	a big and a small elephant out at the sun
1	adult elephant with happy walking in grassy area.
0	two dogs sharing a frisby in their mouth in the snow
1	two dogs sharing a frisby in their mouth under the snow
0	Two dogs fighting over a Frisbee in the snow.
1	two dogs fighting over a frisbee under the snow.
0	A dog carrying a ball in his mouth on the sand.
1	a dog carrying a ball upon his mouth on the sand.
0	A black dog carrying a red frisbee in a field.
1	a black dog carrying a red frisbee under a field.
0	A big black dog carrying a frisbee in its mouth.
1	a big black dog carrying a frisbee upon its mouth.
0	A gentleman walking in the rain along a river.
1	a gentleman walking beside the rain along a river.
0	A man walking with an umbrella near a railing above a river.
1	a man walking with an umbrella below a railing above a river.
0	There is a man standing near a river with a umbrella
1	there is a man standing in a river with a umbrella
0	A woman skiing with a dog running through the snow
1	a woman skiing with a dog running outside the snow
0	Dog running through the snow in front of a skier.
1	dog running through the snow upon front of a skier.
0	Golden dog walking in snow with a person cross country skiing in the background.
1	golden dog walking in snow with a person cross country skiing over the background.
0	A woman holding a pink umbrella over her left shoulder.
1	a woman holding a pink umbrella near her left shoulder.
0	A woman is holding an open red umbrella over her head.
1	a woman is holding an open red umbrella upon her head.
0	A girl is standing outside on a rainy day with an umbrella.
1	a girl is standing outside beside a rainy day with an umbrella.
0	A little girl with a pink umbrella over her head and shoulder.
1	a little girl on a pink umbrella over her head and shoulder.
0	The girl is on her laptop in her bed.
1	the girl is on her laptop under her bed.
0	A person that is sitting on a bed and looking at a laptop.
1	a person that is sitting in a bed and looking at a laptop.
0	A brown bear sits on the rocks on a sunny day.
1	a brown bear sits on the rocks behind a sunny day.
0	A bear sits in his enclosure next to a bird.
1	a bear sits beside his enclosure next to a bird.
0	Dog on leash sitting with cushions while a person is calming him.
1	dog behind leash sitting with cushions while a person is calming him.
0	a white dog sitting in a chair with a blue leash
1	a white dog sitting upon a chair with a blue leash
0	A white dog on a blue leash sitting on a pillow.
1	a white dog on a blue leash sitting over a pillow.
0	a dog with spots on a bed and a stuffed animal
1	a dog with spots with a bed and a stuffed animal
0	A dog sits on a bed with a toy.
1	a dog sits upon a bed with a toy.
0	A dog that is sitting on a bed.
1	a dog that is sitting behind a bed.
0	A dog with a stuffed animal sitting on a bed.
1	a dog with a stuffed animal sitting beside a bed.
0	A small dog laying down in a pet bed.
1	a small dog laying down beside a pet bed.
0	A white dog with a black patch eye sitting in a dog bed.
1	a white dog with a black patch eye sitting upon a dog bed.
0	A white and black dog sleeping in a dog bed.
1	a white and black dog sleeping at a dog bed.
0	A picture of a dog in a dog bed.
1	a picture of a dog at a dog bed.
0	A black and white dog is laying in a pet bed.
1	a black and white dog is laying upon a pet bed.
0	A man on the side of the road holding a frisbee.
1	a man with the side of the road holding a frisbee.
0	A man standing on a  park holding a white frisbee.
1	a man standing in a park holding a white frisbee.
0	Man catching a frisbee while outside his home
1	man catching a frisbee while underneath his home
0	A man sitting on the beach with a dog holding a yellow frisbee.
1	a man sitting beside the beach with a dog holding a yellow frisbee.
0	A man on the beach with his dog and a Frisbee.
1	a man beside the beach with his dog and a frisbee.
0	three people wading in shallow waters with a frisbee flying by
1	three people wading in shallow waters on a frisbee flying by
0	Three men with hats on are wading in the dark water.
1	three men with hats on are wading beside the dark water.
0	Three adults playing Frisbee in a body of water.
1	three adults playing frisbee over a body of water.
0	Three guys walking in the water as a Frisbee heads toward them.
1	three guys walking beside the water as a frisbee heads toward them.
0	Two zebras and one ostrich standing in a green grass field.
1	two zebras and one ostrich standing over a green grass field.
0	Two zebras in a field next to an ostrich
1	two zebras beside a field next to an ostrich
0	Two zebras share a tender moment as an ostrich hides his head in the background.
1	two zebras share a tender moment as an ostrich hides his head beside the background.
0	two people riding horses on a sand road
1	two people riding horses in a sand road
0	Two men ride animals on the way to a desert town.
1	two men ride animals over the way to a desert town.
0	Two men ride horses through a desert area
1	two men ride horses within a desert area
0	Two men ride horses on a dirt road.
1	two men ride horses upon a dirt road.
0	A boy on a brown horse inside the water.
1	a boy over a brown horse inside the water.
0	A boy and black horse in murky water.
1	a boy and black horse over murky water.
0	a horse partially submerged in water with a person
1	a horse partially submerged in water on a person
0	A boy and a horse are splashing in water.
1	a boy and a horse are splashing at water.
1	a horse altogether submerged in water with a person
0	A plate filled with little sandwiches covered in plastic wrap.
1	a plate filled with little sandwiches covered at plastic wrap.
0	A plate of sandwiches at a covered in plastic wrap
1	a plate of sandwiches across a covered in plastic wrap
0	The cut sandwiches are on the plate, covered by plastic wrap.
1	the cut sandwiches are over the plate, covered by plastic wrap.
0	A yellow dog is walking on white snow.
1	a yellow dog is walking behind white snow.
0	A tan colored dog walking on top of the snow.
1	a tan colored dog walking behind top of the snow.
0	Dogs walking in the snow in front of a woman.
1	dogs walking under the snow in front of a woman.
0	a dog walks in the snow as a person and other dog look on
1	a dog walks in the snow as a person and other dog look upon
0	A banana split with two cherries on whip cream.
1	a banana split with two cherries over whip cream.
0	A banana split is displayed in a dish.
1	a banana split is displayed under a dish.
0	A giant green leaf is growing on a tree
1	a giant green leaf is growing behind a tree
0	Bunches of bananas on the tree speak of a location in a tropical climate.
1	bunches of bananas on the tree speak of a location upon a tropical climate.
0	A close up of a large banana tree with two bunches of fruit.
1	a close towards of a large banana tree with two bunches of fruit.
0	a banana tree sits in the sun an a nice day
1	a banana tree sits at the sun an a nice day
0	A woman that is standing on ski's in the snow.
1	a woman that is standing beside ski's in the snow.
0	a lady snow skiing on flat ground
1	a lady snow skiing beside flat ground
0	Two people on skis in snowy area surrounded by trees.
1	two people in skis in snowy area surrounded by trees.
0	A person using skis and poles in the snow.
1	a person using skis and poles beside the snow.
0	A person skiing through a snowy forest with tall trees.
1	a person skiing up a snowy forest with tall trees.
0	A person in the snow on some skis.
1	a person in the snow upon some skis.
0	A young woman skiing through a snow covered forest.
1	a young woman skiing outside a snow covered forest.
0	A woman is skiing in a snowy forest.
1	a woman is skiing over a snowy forest.
0	A man is walking in skies in the snow
1	a man is walking beside skies in the snow
1	a happy woman skiing through a snow covered forest.
0	A person is going down the mountain on skis.
1	a person is going down the mountain beside skis.
0	A person walking on their skis in the snow.
1	a person walking with their skis in the snow.
0	A man on ski's that is standing in the snow.
1	a man on ski's that is standing beside the snow.
0	A woman hiking across a mountain with skis.
1	a woman hiking across a mountain on skis.
0	a bowl of fruit, veggies, and sushi on a table
1	a bowl of fruit, veggies, and sushi upon a table
0	A bowl of vegetables and fruit such as oranges, cantaloupe and peaches sits on a brightly colored table.
1	a bowl of vegetables and fruit such as oranges, cantaloupe and peaches sits with a brightly colored table.
0	Bowl of food with a small paper bird in it.
1	bowl of food with a small paper bird beside it.
0	A person looking at another person with bananas on a bike.
1	a person looking beside another person with bananas on a bike.
0	Girl looking out car rear window at man pushing a bicycle covered in banana bunches.
1	girl looking out car rear window across man pushing a bicycle covered in banana bunches.
0	A picture of man carrying bunches of bananas on a bike.
1	a picture of man carrying bunches of bananas beside a bike.
0	The cross country skier on the snow covered road all alone.
1	the cross country skier with the snow covered road all alone.
0	Woman on cross country skis traveling on path in forest.
1	woman on cross country skis traveling in path in forest.
0	A woman that is on skis in the snow.
1	a woman that is in skis in the snow.
0	a bowl of different kinds of food on it
1	a bowl of different kinds of food beside it
0	A colorful assortment of different fruits and vegetables.
1	a bowl of like kinds of food on it
1	a colorful assortment of like fruits and vegetables.
0	A person on some skis in the snow.
1	a person on some skis upon the snow.
0	A woman in blue jacket skiing on slope with trees in background.
1	a woman in blue jacket skiing in slope with trees in background.
0	A skier in blue heading down a snowy slope
1	a skier upon blue heading down a snowy slope
0	A metal bowl of food on a table.
1	a metal bowl of food over a table.
0	The vegetables are cooking in the frying pan.
1	the vegetables are cooking beside the frying pan.
0	Green broccoli and sliced orange carrots in a pot.
1	green broccoli and sliced orange carrots beside a pot.
0	A man throwing a baseball while people watch from chairs behind him.
1	a man throwing a baseball while people watch from chairs across him.
0	a male pitcher is in a baseball game throwing the ball
1	a male pitcher is over a baseball game throwing the ball
0	Baseball pitcher in the middle of a wind up just before throwing the ball.
1	baseball pitcher over the middle of a wind up just before throwing the ball.
0	A man in a blue shirt and white pants wears a baseball hat and stretches his arm back while holding a baseball.
1	a man at a blue shirt and white pants wears a baseball hat and stretches his arm back while holding a baseball.
0	A group of people riding on top of a ski lift.
1	a group of people riding in top of a ski lift.
0	a bunch of people are on a ski lift
1	a bunch of people are behind a ski lift
0	A group of people in ski gear ride on a ski lift.
1	a group of people in ski gear ride behind a ski lift.
0	Skiers on their skis ride on the slope while others watch.
1	skiers behind their skis ride on the slope while others watch.
0	A man riding skis on top of  a snow covered field.
1	a man riding skis in top of a snow covered field.
0	A man standing on a mound of snow with several dogs
1	a man standing behind a mound of snow with several dogs
0	a person riding skis on a snowy surface
1	a person riding skis upon a snowy surface
0	A man is skiing in a field with a group of dogs.
1	a man is skiing over a field with a group of dogs.
0	Two people walk through the snow behind a dog.
1	two people walk up the snow behind a dog.
0	Two people are out with their dog in their ski gear.
1	two people are out with their dog upon their ski gear.
0	A man and walk in the snow with their skis and a dog.
1	a man and walk at the snow with their skis and a dog.
0	Two people on skis and a dog are standing in the snow.
1	two people on skis and a dog are standing beside the snow.
0	Black and white photograph of skate board riders on a city street
1	black and white photograph of skate board riders with a city street
0	Some young skateboarders are riding down the sidewalk.
0	Two young men skateboard down a sidewalk
1	some happy skateboarders are riding down the sidewalk.
1	two happy men skateboard down a sidewalk
0	A man flying through the air on a skateboard.
1	a man flying through the air in a skateboard.
0	A young man is in the air on his skateboard.
1	a young man is in the air in his skateboard.
0	The man is skateboarding in the park.
1	the man is skateboarding over the park.
0	A boy doing a trick on his skate board at the skate park
1	a boy doing a trick with his skate board at the skate park
1	a happy man is in the air on his skateboard.
0	Skier jumping over a flagged snowy slope in competition.
1	skier jumping over a flagged snowy slope beside competition.
0	A skier going over a jump in the snow in the mountains
1	a skier going on a jump in the snow in the mountains
0	Skier in the air after going over a small hill in the mountains.
1	skier in the air after going over a small hill upon the mountains.
0	The people are skiing in the snow covered area.
1	the people are skiing under the snow covered area.
0	Bread crumbs sitting on top of a veggie plate with noodles.
1	bread crumbs sitting in top of a veggie plate with noodles.
0	A snow skier on a cross country trail.
1	a snow skier in a cross country trail.
0	A person on skis standing in the snow.
1	a person on skis standing under the snow.
0	A woman who is standing on ski's in the snow.
1	a woman who is standing behind ski's in the snow.
0	Extreme close up of a cooked chicken, mushroom, and broccoli dish.
1	extreme close atop of a cooked chicken, mushroom, and broccoli dish.
0	Chicken and mushrooms served with broccoli garnished with parsley.
1	chicken and mushrooms served on broccoli garnished with parsley.
0	Some sort of chicken dish with broccoli spears on side of plate
1	some sort of chicken dish with broccoli spears upon side of plate
0	A pair of red and black skis on a white background.
1	a pair of red and black skis behind a white background.
0	Back view of a skier with red skis on the snow.
1	back view of a skier with red skis upon the snow.
0	A man riding skis on a snow covered ground.
1	a man riding skis over a snow covered ground.
0	Above view of someone with skis on their feet and snow.
1	above view of someone with skis in their feet and snow.
0	A sandwich, carrots and strawberries in a lunch box.
1	a sandwich, carrots and strawberries upon a lunch box.
0	a glass of water is sitting on a wood table
1	a glass of water is sitting with a wood table
0	A table that has some cake, meat, and bread on it.
1	a table that has some cake, meat, and bread beside it.
0	Table set with different types of desert on it.
1	table set with different types of desert in it.
0	A dining table is set with many different dishes
1	a dining table is set with many like dishes
1	table set with like types of desert on it.
0	A plate that has food that is sitting on the table.
1	a plate that has food that is sitting behind the table.
0	A red plate holds on it broccoli, carrots, muffins and meat.
1	a red plate holds behind it broccoli, carrots, muffins and meat.
0	A close up of shoes preparing to stand on a skateboard.
1	a close up of shoes preparing to stand upon a skateboard.
0	A person's feet wearing tennis shoes on a skateboard
1	a person's feet wearing tennis shoes beside a skateboard
0	A person in tennis shoes has one foot on a skateboard.
1	a person in tennis shoes has one foot beside a skateboard.
0	Person wearing black shoes on top of a skateboard.
1	person wearing black shoes beside top of a skateboard.
0	A young couple stands behind a wedding cake with a knife.
1	a young couple stands below a wedding cake with a knife.
1	a happy couple stands behind a wedding cake with a knife.
0	A group of people on the ski slope in their skis.
1	a group of people on the ski slope at their skis.
0	A group of young people standing on top of a snow covered slope.
1	a group of young people standing behind top of a snow covered slope.
0	A group of people on skis at a peak of a mountain.
1	a group of people on skis over a peak of a mountain.
0	The skiers are happy to pose for the picture.
1	a group of happy people standing on top of a snow covered slope.
1	the skiers are angry to pose for the picture.
0	a person is on some skis going down a hill
1	a person is upon some skis going down a hill
0	A man is skiing at night under the park lights.
1	a man is skiing beside night under the park lights.
0	A man on skis going over a small jump.
1	a man upon skis going over a small jump.
0	a person riding a skate board on a skate park
1	a person riding a skate board beside a skate park
0	A young person wearing a gold helmet and skateboarding on a skateboard ramp.
1	a young person wearing a gold helmet and skateboarding in a skateboard ramp.
0	A young man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.
0	A young boy going up a skateboard ramp to do a trick.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.
1	a happy boy going up a skateboard ramp to do a trick.
1	a happy person wearing a gold helmet and skateboarding on a skateboard ramp.
0	there are two sandwiches that are on two white plates
1	there are two sandwiches that are upon two white plates
0	A steak sandwich on a plate with a unique food design on it.
1	a steak sandwich in a plate with a unique food design on it.
0	a close up of a sandwich on a plate on a table
1	a close towards of a sandwich on a plate on a table
0	Gourmet sandwiches of meat and mushrooms on fresh rolls
1	gourmet sandwiches of meat and mushrooms behind fresh rolls
0	two meaty sandwiches sit on top of white plates
1	two meaty sandwiches sit behind top of white plates
0	A woman is smiling while riding on a snowboard.
1	a woman is smiling while riding over a snowboard.
0	young person in a snowsuit is riding downhill on a snowboard
1	young person at a snowsuit is riding downhill on a snowboard
1	happy person in a snowsuit is riding downhill on a snowboard
0	This sandwich is made on a French roll and has Pepper Jack cheese, turkey, guacamole, and lettuce.
1	this sandwich is made in a french roll and has pepper jack cheese, turkey, guacamole, and lettuce.
0	Sliced of pizza sitting on a plate with chips.
1	sliced of pizza sitting over a plate with chips.
0	A bed covered in pillows and a comforter.
1	a bed covered over pillows and a comforter.
0	An unkempt bed, with a pillow, a blanket, and a book on it.
1	an unkempt bed, on a pillow, a blanket, and a book on it.
0	A messy unmade bed with a pillow and a book on it.
1	a messy unmade bed with a pillow and a book in it.
0	Hotel room scene, efficiency, queen bed, sofa, table/desk, TV, in brown tone room.
1	hotel room scene, efficiency, queen bed, sofa, table/desk, tv, beside brown tone room.
0	A modernized bed and nightstand with a see through design.
1	a modernized bed and nightstand with a see up design.
0	The arm of a bed rests on top of a glass drawer.
1	the arm of a bed rests behind top of a glass drawer.
0	Modern bed placed next to clear glass night stand.
0	A modern furnished bedroom with glass table and yellow bed.
1	ancient bed placed next to clear glass night stand.
1	a ancient furnished bedroom with glass table and yellow bed.
0	a white framed bed with no mattress in a small room
1	a white framed bed with no mattress over a small room
0	a bed frame that is set up in a room
1	a bed frame that is set up under a room
0	A black surface with a pizza covered in cheese and olives.
1	a black surface with a pizza covered under cheese and olives.
0	a close up of uncooked pizza on a surface
1	a close up of uncooked pizza over a surface
0	A pizza that is sitting on a counter.
1	a pizza that is sitting beside a counter.
0	The man has a tennis racket in his hand.
1	the man has a tennis racket under his hand.
0	A male tennis player engaged in practice on asphalt.
1	a male tennis player engaged in practice over asphalt.
0	a man is holding a tennis racket on a court
1	a man is holding a tennis racket over a court
0	An oven filled with three pizzas covered in cheese.
1	an oven filled with three pizzas covered at cheese.
0	A home made pizza sitting on an oven rack ready to be cooked.
1	a home made pizza sitting beside an oven rack ready to be cooked.
0	The uncooked pizza is sitting on the oven rack.
1	the uncooked pizza is sitting beside the oven rack.
0	a couple of pizzas are inside of a oven
1	a couple of pizzas are around` of a oven
0	A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a man standing behind a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	A man in shorts and a long sleeve shirt playing tennis.
1	a man over shorts and a long sleeve shirt playing tennis.
1	a man in shorts and a short sleeve shirt playing tennis.
0	A child with a messy face eating a plate of food with hands
1	a child with a messy face eating a plate of food on hands
0	a small child with his fingers in his mouth and plate of food
1	a small child with his fingers over his mouth and plate of food
0	Four people in a restaurant getting their photo taken at their table.
1	four people under a restaurant getting their photo taken at their table.
0	a group of people pose at a pizza restaraunt
1	a group of people pose over a pizza restaraunt
0	a tennis player on a court with a bucket of balls
1	a tennis player on a court on a bucket of balls
0	A man stands on a tennis court with a bucket of balls.
1	a man stands with a tennis court with a bucket of balls.
0	A man on a tennis court with a basket of practice balls.
1	a man in a tennis court with a basket of practice balls.
0	A man standing by himself on a tennis court.
1	a man standing by himself beside a tennis court.
0	A person is working at a computer with a remote control and camera next to the camera.
1	a person is working behind a computer with a remote control and camera next to the camera.
0	A woman using a laptop computer on top of a wooden desk.
1	a woman using a laptop computer upon top of a wooden desk.
0	A person's hands are typing on a laptop keyboard that is sitting next to a remote control.
1	a person's hands are typing in a laptop keyboard that is sitting next to a remote control.
0	Two men playing a video game in a room.
1	two men playing a video game under a room.
0	Two men in a room playing on a Wii
1	two men at a room playing on a wii
0	A couple of men playing a video game in an office setting.
1	a couple of men playing a video game at an office setting.
0	A monitor, two tablets and a laptop computer sitting on a table.
1	a monitor, two tablets and a laptop computer sitting over a table.
0	assorted electronic devices sitting together in a photo
1	assorted electronic devices sitting together over a photo
0	a couple of different kinds of computers are next to each other
1	a couple of like kinds of computers are next to each other
0	A clock on side of building with skyline in background.
1	a clock behind side of building with skyline in background.
0	An ornate clock hands on an iron post near city buildings.
1	an ornate clock hands in an iron post near city buildings.
0	A man that is standing in the dirt with a bat.
1	a man that is standing upon the dirt with a bat.
0	a baseball player is holding a bat on a field
1	a baseball player is holding a bat upon a field
0	The player approaches home plate to take his turn at bat.
1	the player approaches home plate to take his turn beside bat.
0	A group of baseball players standing next to each other on top of a field.
1	a group of baseball players standing next to each other behind top of a field.
0	A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a woman standing in a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	a dark brown clay pot with a snake design on one side
1	a dark brown clay pot on a snake design on one side
0	A brown vase sitting inside of rocks next to a set of green plants.
1	a brown vase sitting through of rocks next to a set of green plants.
0	The big brown vase is sitting outside on the ground.
1	the big brown vase is sitting outside over the ground.
0	a man that is typing on his laptop
1	a man that is typing over his laptop
0	A man working on a computer at a table.
1	a man working on a computer over a table.
0	A man is working on his laptop and papers are lying about.
1	a man is working with his laptop and papers are lying about.
0	A man is using his laptop in a library
1	a man is using his laptop under a library
0	A baby sits on a bed and plays with a laptop computer.
1	a baby sits upon a bed and plays with a laptop computer.
0	A baby playing with a laptop on a bed.
1	a baby playing with a laptop in a bed.
0	A baby is on a bed playing with a computer.
1	a baby is in a bed playing with a computer.
0	A baby sitting on a baby reaching for a laptop.
1	a baby sitting in a baby reaching for a laptop.
0	A young girl sitting on the sidewalk using her phone.
1	a young girl sitting behind the sidewalk using her phone.
0	A woman sitting on a brick wall using a cell phone.
1	a woman sitting with a brick wall using a cell phone.
1	a happy girl sitting on the sidewalk using her phone.
0	A close up of a blackberry cell phone.
1	a close atop of a blackberry cell phone.
0	A closeup of a smartphone resting on a table.
1	a closeup of a smartphone resting beside a table.
0	Cell phone lying flat with a tiny tray for "jumpers" siting on it.
1	cell phone lying flat with a tiny tray for "jumpers" siting beside it.
0	A smart phone device sitting on top of a table.
1	a dumb phone device sitting on top of a table.
1	cell phone lying flat with a huge tray for "jumpers" siting on it.
0	A man holding his Sprint cell phone with the words Upstage across the screen.
1	a man holding his sprint cell phone with the words upstage over the screen.
0	A woman in blue sweater holding two cellphones while wearing headphones.
1	a woman at blue sweater holding two cellphones while wearing headphones.
0	A person holding a phone in each hand and wearing a head set in front  of a Christmas tree.
1	a person holding a phone in each hand and wearing a head set upon front of a christmas tree.
0	A woman has headphones on and is holding two cell phones.
1	a woman has headphones behind and is holding two cell phones.
0	Teddy bears are on a table with pieces of cake.
1	teddy bears are over a table with pieces of cake.
0	Big Ben towering over the city of London with it's massive clock.
1	big ben towering on the city of london with it's massive clock.
0	An old photo of the clock in the Tower of London.
1	an old photo of the clock at the tower of london.
0	A large and tall clock in a big city
1	a large and tall clock over a big city
0	A old photo of a large clock tower in Britain.
1	a old photo of a large clock tower beside britain.
0	A large clock tower in the middle of a city.
1	a large clock tower under the middle of a city.
0	A vase filled with lots of flowers on a table.
1	a vase filled with lots of flowers in a table.
0	Wilted flowers are in a vase on a stainless steel counter.
1	wilted flowers are in a vase over a stainless steel counter.
0	A vase with some drooping flowers in it.
1	a vase with some drooping flowers over it.
0	Odd plant and flower arrangement in a vase.
1	odd plant and flower arrangement under a vase.
0	A collection of scissors and candles place on a table.
1	a collection of scissors and candles place beside a table.
0	A tray of scissors is on a table with a lamp and candles.
1	a tray of scissors is on a table on a lamp and candles.
0	A group of scissors are on a glass tabletop.
1	a group of scissors are beside a glass tabletop.
0	Many large scissors sit on a tray on a table.
1	many large scissors sit over a tray on a table.
0	A man in a black outfit sleeping on a small bench.
1	a man under a black outfit sleeping on a small bench.
0	An old man is sleeping on a park bench.
1	an old man is sleeping beside a park bench.
0	A person laying on a small bench in the countryside.
1	a person laying in a small bench in the countryside.
0	A man is laying on a small bench
1	a man is laying beside a small bench
0	Liquid dark chocolate being poured over a white cake
1	liquid dark chocolate being poured on a white cake
0	A spoon with chocolate being poured on a cake.
1	a spoon with chocolate being poured behind a cake.
0	This cake is being doused in liquid chocolate
1	this cake is being doused over liquid chocolate
0	A refrigerator next to a sink in a kitchen
1	a refrigerator next to a sink at a kitchen
0	A refrigerator that is in a kitchen next to granite counter tops.
1	a refrigerator that is under a kitchen next to granite counter tops.
0	a towel with a big chunk of cheese on it above an oven
1	a towel with a big chunk of cheese upon it above an oven
0	A kitchen with drawers and an oven, and items on the counter.
1	a kitchen with drawers and an oven, and items behind the counter.
0	A man is skateboarding on a ramp in the park.
1	a man is skateboarding on a ramp beside the park.
0	Man on a skateboard preforming a stunt at a skate park.
1	man on a skateboard preforming a stunt across a skate park.
0	A person jumping up in the air on a skateboard.
1	a person jumping up in the air upon a skateboard.
0	A guy is performing a trick on a skateboard.
1	a guy is performing a trick with a skateboard.
0	A city with a river in the middle with boats docked
1	a city with a river at the middle with boats docked
0	A row of boats on a river next to multiple buildings.
1	a row of boats beside a river next to multiple buildings.
0	Boats on a canal of water going between rows of buildings.
1	boats with a canal of water going between rows of buildings.
0	A white shower curtain and a sink in a bathroom.
1	a white shower curtain and a sink at a bathroom.
0	A very simple bathroom with a sink and a shower.
1	a very hard bathroom with a sink and a shower.
0	A white sink and bathtub sit in a clean, empty bathroom.
1	a white sink and bathtub sit beside a clean, empty bathroom.
0	A white sink in a bathroom under a window.
1	a white sink upon a bathroom under a window.
0	A bathroom sink in front of an open window and next to a shower.
1	a bathroom sink beside front of an open window and next to a shower.
0	This bathroom's window is open near the sink.
1	this bathroom's window is open upon the sink.
0	A blue and white bathroom with a pedestal sink under a window.
1	a blue and white bathroom with a pedestal sink across a window.
0	Bathroom decorated in blues and greens with a mirror over the vanity.
1	bathroom decorated in blues and greens on a mirror over the vanity.
0	A towel that is hanging near a mirror.
1	a towel that is hanging in a mirror.
0	There is a bright window in the small bathroom.
1	there is a bright window upon the small bathroom.
0	A litter box sits on the floor of this small bathroom.
1	a litter box sits in the floor of this small bathroom.
0	A door opens into a narrow room with towels and sink.
0	A narrow bathroom is tidy and comes equipped with a litterbox.
1	a door opens into a dirty room with towels and sink.
1	a dirty bathroom is tidy and comes equipped with a litterbox.
0	A bathroom under construction with a white tub next to a toilet.
1	a bathroom under construction on a white tub next to a toilet.
0	A bathroom has a tub with demolished walls in it.
1	a bathroom has a tub with demolished walls beside it.
0	the bathroom is not constructed and garbage is in the tub.
1	the bathroom is not constructed and garbage is over the tub.
0	The black and orange cat is standing on the bathroom sink.
1	the black and orange cat is standing beside the bathroom sink.
0	Cat drinking water from a sink in a bathroom.
1	cat drinking water from a sink at a bathroom.
0	A bathroom with a white porcelin toilet on a tile floor.
1	a bathroom with a white porcelin toilet with a tile floor.
0	A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a door.
1	a white toilet sitting under a bathroom next to a door.
0	A purple clock tower in the middle of a parking lot.
1	a purple clock tower under the middle of a parking lot.
0	A statue with a clock on it near a parking lot.
1	a statue with a clock with it near a parking lot.
0	A large toy like clock tower in a parking lot.
1	a large toy like clock tower upon a parking lot.
0	A large tall tower with a clock on top.
1	a large tall tower on a clock on top.
0	View of a narrow bathroom with white vanity and commode with brown tile
1	view of a narrow bathroom on white vanity and commode with brown tile
0	A modern bathroom with one window, toilet and vanity.
1	view of a dirty bathroom with white vanity and commode with brown tile
1	a ancient bathroom with one window, toilet and vanity.
0	A cat sitting on the wood floor cleaning itself.
1	a cat sitting beside the wood floor cleaning itself.
0	a cat on a wooden floor in front of a tall book shelf
1	a cat on a wooden floor upon front of a tall book shelf
0	A cat is on the floor by a large bookcase.
1	a cat is beside the floor by a large bookcase.
0	A cat lying on a hard wood floor in front of a bookshelf.
1	a cat lying on a hard wood floor at front of a bookshelf.
0	A cat sitting on a hard wood floor in front of a large library of books.
1	a cat sitting on a simple wood floor in front of a large library of books.
1	a cat lying on a simple wood floor in front of a bookshelf.
0	A person that is sitting on top of a motorcycle.
1	a person that is sitting behind top of a motorcycle.
0	A man wearing riding gear on a motorcycle
1	a man wearing riding gear beside a motorcycle
0	A man in full riding gear on a motorcycle.
1	a man upon full riding gear on a motorcycle.
0	There is a man sitting on a red motorcycle wearing a black helmet
1	there is a man sitting over a red motorcycle wearing a black helmet
0	A motorcycle rider with a helmet and safety gear on.
1	a motorcycle rider with a helmet and safety gear with.
0	A dirt bike rider doing a stunt jump in the air
1	a dirt bike rider doing a stunt jump beside the air
0	A motorcyclist is in mid air hanging on to the handlebars.
1	a motorcyclist is in mid air hanging upon to the handlebars.
0	A person performs a stunt jump on a motorcycle.
1	a person performs a stunt jump behind a motorcycle.
0	Daring guy does tricks mid air on motorcycle
1	daring guy does tricks mid air upon motorcycle
0	A man flying through the air while riding a bike.
1	a man flying within the air while riding a bike.
0	a person jumping in the air on  a motorcycle
1	a person jumping in the air in a motorcycle
0	MOTOR CROSS BIKE AND RIDER IN THE AIR DOING TRICKS
1	motor cross bike and rider at the air doing tricks
0	a man in mid air while riding a motor bike
1	a man beside mid air while riding a motor bike
0	A person who is on their motorcycle in the air.
1	a person who is on their motorcycle beside the air.
0	A man and a woman on a motorcycle in helmets.
1	a man and a woman on a motorcycle upon helmets.
0	a lady driving a motor cycle with a man behind her
1	a lady driving a motor cycle with a man beside her
0	two people siting on a dirt bike wearing helmets
1	two people siting over a dirt bike wearing helmets
0	a man and a woman sitting on a black and yellow motor bike
1	a man and a woman sitting with a black and yellow motor bike
0	Two people in helmets on a parked motorcycle and a small palm tree to the side of them.
1	two people in helmets over a parked motorcycle and a small palm tree to the side of them.
0	a plane flies through the air with fumes coming out the back
1	a plane flies within the air with fumes coming out the back
0	some large air planes on a run way
1	some large air planes with a run way
0	A plane is sitting still on the runway.
1	a plane is sitting still upon the runway.
0	Several airplanes are lined up on the runway.
1	several airplanes are lined up over the runway.
0	A group of nine small planes flies through the sky.
1	a group of nine small planes flies around` the sky.
0	Nine planes are flying in a military formation.
1	nine planes are flying over a military formation.
0	Several airplanes near each other fly through the sky
1	several airplanes upon each other fly through the sky
0	A group of jets are flying together in a tight formation
1	a group of jets are flying together upon a tight formation
0	The blue angels show off their tricks in an air show
1	the blue angels show off their tricks at an air show
0	A formation of airplanes flying under a cloudy sky.
1	a formation of airplanes flying across a cloudy sky.
0	A team of ten jet pilots flying in formation at an air show.
1	a team of ten jet pilots flying in formation behind an air show.
0	planes are flying together in a line in the air
1	planes are flying together in a line beside the air
0	People getting ready to board a light plane on an airstrip.
1	people getting ready to board a light plane over an airstrip.
0	Couple of people out on the runway ready to board the small plane
1	couple of people out behind the runway ready to board the small plane
0	A small propeller plane that is on the runway.
1	a small propeller plane that is in the runway.
0	A small airplane sitting on top of a runway.
1	a small airplane sitting over top of a runway.
0	A station near stores and building on a sunny day.
1	a station over stores and building on a sunny day.
0	a sheep is standing on a white fence
1	a sheep is standing over a white fence
0	A sheep with a black face and feet standing on the bottom rung of a fence.
1	a sheep with a black face and feet standing in the bottom rung of a fence.
0	A lamb is standing on the white fence using his fron legs.
1	a lamb is standing beside the white fence using his fron legs.
0	A sheep on a farm standing on a white fence.
1	a sheep in a farm standing on a white fence.
0	The giraffes are standing in the fenced area.
1	the giraffes are standing beside the fenced area.
0	Four giraffes are standing together at a zoo.
1	four giraffes are standing together upon a zoo.
0	Small group of giraffes in a sandy enclosure.
1	small group of giraffes at a sandy enclosure.
0	Giraffe stand in a sand-floored enclosure with trees in the background.
1	giraffe stand at a sand-floored enclosure with trees in the background.
0	four giraffes basking in sunlight of enclosed area
1	four giraffes basking beside sunlight of enclosed area
0	People stand near the curb behind a lime green double-decked bus.
1	people stand near the curb in a lime green double-decked bus.
0	this is people standing in the sidewalk near a bus
1	this is people standing beside the sidewalk near a bus
0	Paved road with vehicles in one lane and a flock of sheep and goats in the other.
1	paved road on vehicles in one lane and a flock of sheep and goats in the other.
0	A motorcyclist and drivers navigate around a herd of sheep on the road.
1	a motorcyclist and drivers navigate around a herd of sheep over the road.
0	A herd of sheep on a bridge over water, taking up a lane, with oncoming vehicles.
1	a herd of sheep beside a bridge over water, taking up a lane, with oncoming vehicles.
0	an old factory building with a group of birds flying over in the background
1	an old factory building with a group of birds flying over upon the background
0	A train cake sitting on top of a metal shelf.
1	a train cake sitting with top of a metal shelf.
0	A Thomas the train engine model cake with writing on the platform.
1	a thomas the train engine model cake on writing on the platform.
0	A cake in the shape of a train.
1	a cake at the shape of a train.
0	A couple of sheep standing on top of snow covered ground.
1	a couple of sheep standing over top of snow covered ground.
0	Two lambs standing around in the snow eating grass.
1	two lambs standing around upon the snow eating grass.
0	Two sheep standing in snow covered field with their faces near the ground.
1	two sheep standing upon snow covered field with their faces near the ground.
0	The two sheep are out in the field with snow on the ground.
1	the two sheep are out in the field on snow on the ground.
0	A multi car train parked on train tracks near trees.
1	a multi car train parked on train tracks in trees.
0	An antique rail road engine on the tracks
1	an antique rail road engine beside the tracks
0	A person wearing glasses and a hat standing on a platform as a train enters.
1	a person wearing glasses and a hat standing behind a platform as a train enters.
0	A steam train arriving at a train station.
1	a steam train arriving across a train station.
0	A passenger waits for a train arriving at the platform.
1	a passenger waits for a train arriving across the platform.
0	Locomotive engine traveling on tracks with steam billowing.
1	locomotive engine traveling over tracks with steam billowing.
0	a long train is sitting on some tracks
1	a long train is sitting upon some tracks
0	A black train on a train track with steam coming out.
1	a black train over a train track with steam coming out.
0	a train that is on a old train track
1	a train that is beside a old train track
1	a short train is sitting on some tracks
0	The blue and white hat has a bird on it
1	the blue and white hat has a bird upon it
0	Large blue bird sitting on a baseball hat on a table.
1	large blue bird sitting in a baseball hat on a table.
0	The blue baseball cap is sitting on a table.
1	the blue baseball cap is sitting beside a table.
0	A blue hat is sitting on a table.
1	a blue hat is sitting in a table.
0	A woman standing over a sheet cake sitting on top of a table.
1	a woman standing over a sheet cake sitting behind top of a table.
0	A LADY IS HAVING A CELEBRATION AND LOOKING AT HER CAKE
1	a lady is having a celebration and looking upon her cake
0	A woman wearing a hat while looking at a cake.
1	a woman wearing a hat while looking beside a cake.
0	A train engine and passenger cars pulling in to a station.
1	a train engine and passenger cars pulling under to a station.
0	Train sitting on the track at a train depot.
1	train sitting on the track over a train depot.
0	A zebra and colt stand in muddy grass of a field.
1	a zebra and colt stand under muddy grass of a field.
0	One adult zebra and one young zebra walking through the grass
1	one adult zebra and one happy zebra walking through the grass
0	A cat sitting on a chair, that is blue and yellow.
1	a cat sitting upon a chair, that is blue and yellow.
0	A cat relaxes on a wicker and wood chair with another black cat and other chairs in the background.
1	a cat relaxes with a wicker and wood chair with another black cat and other chairs in the background.
0	2 cats one on a chair in an outdoor cafe.
1	2 cats one on a chair over an outdoor cafe.
0	A cat sits on the wicker of a blue chair
1	a cat sits upon the wicker of a blue chair
1	2 cats one on a chair in an indoor cafe.
0	A herd of cattle grazing on a dry grass covered field.
1	a herd of cattle grazing behind a dry grass covered field.
0	a number of animals in a field with trees in the background
1	a number of animals upon a field with trees in the background
0	A group of cows mill about in a grassy dirt field.
1	a group of cows mill about beside a grassy dirt field.
0	A group of cows standing with each other in a field.
1	a group of cows standing with each other at a field.
0	There is a lot of cows that are standing in the field
1	there is a lot of cows that are standing beside the field
0	A garbage truck drives through an alley in a Central American city
1	a garbage truck drives through an alley under a central american city
1	a garbage truck drives through an alley in a peripheral american city
0	A drawer of a chest is open and some files are seen in it and a dog is entering it.
1	a drawer of a chest is open and some files are seen at it and a dog is entering it.
0	a cat stand inside of a drawer
1	a cat stand up of a drawer
0	The cat is standing in the file cabinet drawer.
1	the cat is standing upon the file cabinet drawer.
0	tHERE IS A MAN SITTING AT THE TABLE PETTING A CAT
1	there is a man sitting upon the table petting a cat
0	A man using a computer and stroking the cat in his lap
1	a man using a computer and stroking the cat beside his lap
0	a man sits in front of a computer with a cat in his lap
1	a man sits upon front of a computer with a cat in his lap
0	A man wearing a hat sitting at a table holding a cat.
1	a man wearing a hat sitting behind a table holding a cat.
0	A cat on a leather chair next to remotes
1	a cat with a leather chair next to remotes
0	A cat sitting on a couch with two remote controls.
1	a cat sitting beside a couch with two remote controls.
0	A cat sitting on top of a brown leather chair.
1	a cat sitting behind top of a brown leather chair.
0	A cat is sitting on a leather couch next to two remotes.
1	a cat is sitting behind a leather couch next to two remotes.
0	A boat floating on a lake next to a tree covered shore.
1	a boat floating behind a lake next to a tree covered shore.
0	A ship on the water on a foggy day
1	a ship in the water on a foggy day
0	A sailboat sits alone on the shore on a foggy day.
1	a sailboat sits alone on the shore over a foggy day.
0	an image of a boat that is in the water
1	an image of a boat that is beside the water
0	A baby elephant is walking in the dirt.
1	a baby elephant is walking beside the dirt.
0	A baby elephant running on a dirt road.
1	a baby elephant running behind a dirt road.
0	A cow walking in the sand towards the fence.
1	a cow walking in the sand up the fence.
0	We are looking at a closeup of a tie.
1	we are looking across a closeup of a tie.
0	A person with a black, grey and green striped tie on.
1	a person with a black, grey and green striped tie behind.
0	The man is taking a picture of his ugly tie
1	the man is taking a picture of his beautiful tie
0	A man with glasses and a tie clip sits in his car.
1	a man with glasses and a tie clip sits under his car.
0	A man in a camp shirt, necktie, and glasses driving a vehicle.
1	a man at a camp shirt, necktie, and glasses driving a vehicle.
0	A man wearing a purple neck tie and glasses while sitting in a  car.
1	a man wearing a purple neck tie and glasses while sitting beside a car.
0	A young man in a black shirt and purple tie driving an automobile.
1	a happy man in a black shirt and purple tie driving an automobile.
0	A crowd of people riding on top of a yellow and white boat.
1	a crowd of people riding behind top of a yellow and white boat.
0	A bunch of folks on a very nice looking speed boat in the water.
1	a bunch of folks on a very nice looking speed boat at the water.
0	Several people on a boat with life jackets on in the water.
1	several people beside a boat with life jackets on in the water.
0	a small boat in a body of water
1	a small boat beside a body of water
0	a number of opened umbrellas behind a display glass
1	a number of opened umbrellas beside a display glass
0	A bunch of umbrellas that are behind a glass.
1	a bunch of umbrellas that are in a glass.
0	A shop with umbrellas that are viewable through the glass.
1	a shop on umbrellas that are viewable through the glass.
0	A woman kneeling down near an elephant to touch it's trunk.
1	a woman kneeling down across an elephant to touch it's trunk.
0	Two people petting a group of fenced in elephants.
1	two people petting a group of fenced under elephants.
0	A small dog sitting on a wooden chair.
1	a small dog sitting in a wooden chair.
0	A dog sitting in a wooden rocking chair outside.
1	a dog sitting over a wooden rocking chair outside.
0	a little dog sitting on a small chair made of wood
1	a little dog sitting upon a small chair made of wood
0	A small dog is sitting on an old-fashioned rocking chair.
1	a small dog is sitting upon an old-fashioned rocking chair.
0	A tiny gray and white dog sits in a rustic wooden chair.
1	a huge gray and white dog sits in a rustic wooden chair.
0	A young man catching a frisbee on a sandy beach.
1	a young man catching a frisbee in a sandy beach.
0	a man on the beach reaching up for a frisbee
1	a man upon the beach reaching up for a frisbee
0	a man playing with a disc on the beach or near a small lake
1	a man playing with a disc on the beach or below a small lake
0	A man is catching a frisbee on a beach.
1	a man is catching a frisbee with a beach.
1	a happy man catching a frisbee on a sandy beach.
0	A dog chewing on a object held in a hand.
1	a dog chewing beside a object held in a hand.
0	A dog biting on a red piece of cloth.
1	a dog biting beside a red piece of cloth.
0	A cute little dog biting on something a person is holding.
1	a cute little dog biting over something a person is holding.
0	a device with hair on it on a wooden floor
1	a device on hair on it on a wooden floor
0	A metal contraption laying down covered in animal fur.
1	a metal contraption laying down covered over animal fur.
0	Three zebra standing on a road in a grassy field.
1	three zebra standing on a road beside a grassy field.
0	Three zebras walking along a dirt road in the savannah
1	three zebras walking along a dirt road beside the savannah
0	Three zebra are standing on an old gravel road.
1	three zebra are standing over an old gravel road.
0	Three young zebras standing in a Savannah plain.
1	three happy zebras standing in a savannah plain.
0	Two zebras bending over eating grass in a grassy area.
1	two zebras bending at eating grass in a grassy area.
0	Two zebras are grazing in the field that is scattered with small trees.
1	two zebras are grazing upon the field that is scattered with small trees.
0	A white horse on hind legs statue with wings.
1	a white horse beside hind legs statue with wings.
0	A small figurine of a unicorn on a cloud
1	a small figurine of a unicorn upon a cloud
0	A covered stool has Christmas packaged on it.
1	a covered stool has christmas packaged in it.
0	a woman with flowers in her hair staring at the horse next to her
1	a woman with flowers beside her hair staring at the horse next to her
0	The girl is holding the horse and looking at its face.
1	the girl is holding the horse and looking across its face.
0	A girl with colorful clothing with a horse on a beach.
1	a girl with colorful clothing with a horse beside a beach.
0	A girl stands on the beach with a horse.
1	a girl stands with the beach with a horse.
0	Two men talking to a man in the horse drawn carriage.
1	two men talking to a man over the horse drawn carriage.
0	a black and white photo of a person near a carriage
1	a black and white photo of a person below a carriage
0	a group of bananas are resting on a stand
1	a group of bananas are resting beside a stand
0	A woman standing on ice holding skis in flip flops.
1	a woman standing on ice holding skis upon flip flops.
0	A woman in a pink jacket and sandals holding skis and poles.
1	a woman beside a pink jacket and sandals holding skis and poles.
0	The woman is standing in the snow holding skis.
1	the woman is standing under the snow holding skis.
0	A woman standing in partial snow with skees wearing sandles.
1	a woman standing at partial snow with skees wearing sandles.
0	A vase of red flowers sits on a bathroom countertop.
1	a vase of red flowers sits behind a bathroom countertop.
0	Red flowers sitting in a vase with a red wall behind them.
1	red flowers sitting under a vase with a red wall behind them.
0	A vase full of red flowers sits in a room with red walls and red decorations.
1	a vase full of red flowers sits in a room on red walls and red decorations.
0	A vase full of flowers on a bathroom sink counter.
1	a vase full of flowers in a bathroom sink counter.
0	A group of men on a field playing baseball.
1	a group of men over a field playing baseball.
0	An umpire in the field, talking to the batter.
1	an umpire under the field, talking to the batter.
0	A baseball game with the batter and umpire out by the pitching mound
1	a baseball game on the batter and umpire out by the pitching mound
0	some noodles broccoli and carrot pieces in sauce
1	some noodles broccoli and carrot pieces over sauce
0	Colorful pasta dish on white plate including shrimp, carrots and broccoli.
1	colorful pasta dish behind white plate including shrimp, carrots and broccoli.
0	Cooked broccoli with cauliflower on top of it.
1	cooked broccoli with cauliflower upon top of it.
0	A dish with broccoli and cheese is shown in close-up.
1	a dish with broccoli and cheese is shown at close-up.
0	A multi colored dish with broccoli and white twisted pasta in it.
1	a multi colored dish with broccoli and white twisted pasta at it.
0	A person on a skateboard at the top of a small bowl at a skateboard park.
1	a person in a skateboard at the top of a small bowl at a skateboard park.
0	A young man skating alone on a slope
1	a young man skating alone behind a slope
0	The young skateboarder is trying one of his first tricks.
1	the happy skateboarder is trying one of his first tricks.
1	a happy man skating alone on a slope
0	Pasta and vegetable salad served in bowl with meat and cheese.
1	pasta and vegetable salad served in bowl on meat and cheese.
0	A bowl that has vegetables, pasta, and meat in it.
1	a bowl that has vegetables, pasta, and meat under it.
0	Pan on a stove cooking brightly colored meat and vegetables.
1	pan in a stove cooking brightly colored meat and vegetables.
0	A stir fry of several different vegetables and sausage in a skillet.
1	a stir fry of several like vegetables and sausage in a skillet.
0	Close up of a plate with broccoli and shrimp, with some broth.
1	close towards of a plate with broccoli and shrimp, with some broth.
0	A man in a white T-shirt and a helmet riding a skateboard.
1	a man under a white t-shirt and a helmet riding a skateboard.
0	A person riding a skateboard over the cement and flags.
1	a person riding a skateboard below the cement and flags.
0	a man is in the air on a skateboard
1	a man is beside the air on a skateboard
0	A person jumping in the air on a skateboard.
1	a person jumping at the air on a skateboard.
0	a person that is jumping a skateboard in the air
1	a person that is jumping a skateboard under the air
0	Boy doing a stunt on a skateboard on the street.
1	boy doing a stunt over a skateboard on the street.
0	A young man jumping a skateboard in the street.
1	a young man jumping a skateboard under the street.
0	The boy is doing a jump on his skateboard.
1	the boy is doing a jump in his skateboard.
1	a happy man jumping a skateboard in the street.
0	A couple of people with some skis in the snow.
1	a couple of people with some skis over the snow.
0	A person on skis standing at a finish line.
1	a person on skis standing behind a finish line.
0	three people are standing under the arch for a ski race
1	three people are standing across the arch for a ski race
0	a skier is standing in the snow under a blue thing
1	a skier is standing in the snow beside a blue thing
0	The skier is happy to have won the race.
1	the skier is angry to have won the race.
0	there is a man riding a skateboard over a ramp
1	there is a man riding a skateboard on a ramp
0	a person is in the air on a skateboard
1	a person is in the air upon a skateboard
0	A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
1	a man flying outside the air while riding a skateboard.
0	a man that is on a surfboard in some water
1	a man that is upon a surfboard in some water
0	A man riding a snowboard on a snow filled slope.
1	a man riding a snowboard behind a snow filled slope.
0	He was almost sitting in the snow as he came down the run on his snowboard.
1	he was almost sitting in the snow as he came down the run with his snowboard.
0	The snowboarder is sitting on the white slope.
1	the snowboarder is sitting with the white slope.
0	A group of people are standing outside in the snow.
1	a group of people are standing underneath in the snow.
0	Skiers and snowboarders waving for a picture on a mountain.
1	skiers and snowboarders waving for a picture beside a mountain.
0	This group of people is excited to be at the ski slopes.
1	this group of people is excited to be behind the ski slopes.
0	Group of people posing for the camera in the snow
1	group of people posing for the camera at the snow
0	Group of people posing for the camera in the snow
1	group of people posing for the camera under the snow
0	A man on a snowboard on a slope
1	a man on a snowboard behind a slope
0	a person leaning back in the snow on their snowboard
1	a person leaning back at the snow on their snowboard
0	A snowboarder rests in the snow on the snowboard.
1	a snowboarder rests in the snow over the snowboard.
0	A person laying back on a snowboard in the snow.
1	a person laying back in a snowboard in the snow.
0	A man is relaxing back on his snowboard
1	a man is relaxing back over his snowboard
0	A snowboarder on the slope laying on his board
1	a snowboarder on the slope laying in his board
0	One of the donuts in the box has cereal on it, another has oreos, another is partially sprinkled, and another one has chocolate glazed.
1	one of the donuts at the box has cereal on it, another has oreos, another is partially sprinkled, and another one has chocolate glazed.
0	Four donuts in a box with different toppings on them.
1	four donuts in a box with different toppings beside them.
0	A box filled with four donuts on top of tissue paper.
1	a box filled on four donuts on top of tissue paper.
0	Box of donuts glazed in different types of toppings.
1	box of donuts glazed in like types of toppings.
1	four donuts in a box with like toppings on them.
1	one of the donuts in the box has cereal on it, another has oreos, another is altogether sprinkled, and another one has chocolate glazed.
0	There are many doughnuts on the table.
1	there are many doughnuts with the table.
0	Two polaroids sit in the middle of stacks of donuts.
1	two polaroids sit under the middle of stacks of donuts.
0	A surfer sits on his surfboard in the sand close to the water.
1	a surfer sits with his surfboard in the sand close to the water.
0	A person sitting on a surfboard on a beach
1	a person sitting beside a surfboard on a beach
0	A young man is sitting on his surf board next to the beach.
1	a young man is sitting upon his surf board next to the beach.
1	a happy man is sitting on his surf board next to the beach.
0	a female sitting at a table next to a cake with candles in it
1	a female sitting beside a table next to a cake with candles in it
0	Various torsos show that there are people behind and to the side of a woman that is smiling and seated in front of a plate with a white lettered cake on it.
1	various torsos show that there are people behind and to the side of a woman that is smiling and seated in front of a plate on a white lettered cake on it.
0	there is a woman smiling at a table with a cake
1	there is a woman smiling beside a table with a cake
0	A woman with red hair sits at a table in front of a cake.
1	a woman on red hair sits at a table in front of a cake.
0	A girl sitting at a table with a birthday cake with candles sitting on it.
1	a girl sitting at a table on a birthday cake with candles sitting on it.
0	A little girl sitting at a table with a cake in front of them.
1	a little girl sitting over a table with a cake in front of them.
0	a young person siting at a table with a cake
1	a young person siting over a table with a cake
0	A young girl who is looking at a birthday cake.
1	a happy girl who is looking at a birthday cake.
1	a happy person siting at a table with a cake
0	Bride and groom looking at wedding cake with server in hand
1	bride and groom looking over wedding cake with server in hand
0	A woman in a white dress standing next to a man in a tuxedo.
1	a woman at a white dress standing next to a man in a tuxedo.
0	A formally dressed man and woman lean close to a cake.
1	a informally dressed man and woman lean close to a cake.
0	A picture of some food on a table.
1	a picture of some food beside a table.
0	A table is laid out with a line of bread with cheese and toppings on top.
1	a table is laid out with a line of bread with cheese and toppings behind top.
0	The table is covered in pizza bread and condiments.
1	the table is covered upon pizza bread and condiments.
0	A table with three each of three different kinds of pizza.
1	a table with three each of three like kinds of pizza.
0	The light from the window shows an unmade bed beside a messy one.
1	the light from the window shows an unmade bed in a messy one.
0	A bed lies unmade in a Victorian style bedroom.
1	a bed lies unmade over a victorian style bedroom.
0	A half unmade bed in a hotel room
1	a half unmade bed under a hotel room
0	A stack of different electronics devices on a table.
1	a stack of different electronics devices with a table.
0	a laptop with some other electronics on top of it
1	a laptop with some other electronics upon top of it
0	a laptop and three cellphones on a yellow table
1	a laptop and three cellphones upon a yellow table
1	a stack of like electronics devices on a table.
0	some pieces of pizza on a plate with a fork
1	some pieces of pizza on a plate on a fork
0	A plate with two pieces of pizza on top of it near a knife and fork.
1	a plate with two pieces of pizza on top of it over a knife and fork.
0	A plate of food sitting on a table
1	a plate of food sitting in a table
0	a close up of a sink with hair pins tooth paste and brushes
1	a close towards of a sink with hair pins tooth paste and brushes
0	A bathroom sink covered in hair and hygiene products.
1	a bathroom sink covered at hair and hygiene products.
0	Several personal care items on a white sink.
1	several personal care items beside a white sink.
0	a bathroom sink counter with toothpaste and toiletries on it.
1	a bathroom sink counter with toothpaste and toiletries beside it.
0	a person sitting on a couch in a living room
1	a person sitting behind a couch in a living room
0	A man is on a couch with ripped jeans.
1	a man is behind a couch with ripped jeans.
0	A man in striped shirt sitting on a couch.
1	a man upon striped shirt sitting on a couch.
0	A man on a couch wearing jeans with a big hole.
1	a man behind a couch wearing jeans with a big hole.
0	A couple of people standing in front of a TV.
1	a couple of people standing upon front of a tv.
0	two people playing a dancing game in a living room
1	two people playing a dancing game over a living room
0	A Wii controller facing a TV with a video game on the channel.
1	a wii controller facing a tv with a video game with the channel.
0	a hand holding a controller and a television set on a table
1	a hand holding a controller and a television set in a table
0	A television with a wii remote in the front
1	a television with a wii remote over the front
0	A person holding a wii remote near a television.
1	a person holding a wii remote over a television.
0	Someone playing a videogame on a medium sized television.
1	someone playing a videogame beside a medium sized television.
0	A chair by a window in a living room
1	a chair on a window in a living room
0	in this living room there are beige couches and a fire place
1	at this living room there are beige couches and a fire place
0	A living room, with a laptop on the couch.
1	a living room, with a laptop beside the couch.
0	A flagpole with the flag of Texas flying at the top.
1	a flagpole with the flag of texas flying behind the top.
0	a flag pole sitting in front of a building
1	a flag pole sitting upon front of a building
0	A child in blue shirt playing with a kite in field.
1	a child over blue shirt playing with a kite in field.
0	some people in a field with a kite flying above
1	some people beside a field with a kite flying above
0	Several people flying kites in a big grassy field.
1	several people flying kites at a big grassy field.
0	A child holds a yellow kite that flies in the air.
1	a child holds a yellow kite that flies under the air.
0	there is a man holding on the a kite that hes flying
1	there is a man holding over the a kite that hes flying
0	A man flies a kite on a sunny day
1	a man flies a kite upon a sunny day
0	a large kite is flying in the sky
1	a large kite is flying under the sky
0	A beautiful clear blue sky is ideal for flying his kite.
1	a ugly clear blue sky is ideal for flying his kite.
0	A large, double door, stainless steel refrigerator in a commercial kitchen.
1	a large, double door, stainless steel refrigerator over a commercial kitchen.
0	A stainless steel refrigerator in a kitchen with others near it.
1	a stainless steel refrigerator in a kitchen with others over it.
0	A giant man standing  under large colorful kites.
1	a giant man standing below large colorful kites.
0	Two large balloons floating over a statue in a city.
1	two large balloons floating upon a statue in a city.
0	There are two balloons flying in the air.
1	there are two balloons flying under the air.
0	Three people fly several large kites in the sky.
1	three people fly several large kites over the sky.
0	Several people in a field looking at different types of kites.
1	several people over a field looking at different types of kites.
0	Three people inspect their kites in a field
1	three people inspect their kites over a field
0	people in a large grass field play with character kites
1	people at a large grass field play with character kites
1	several people in a field looking at like types of kites.
0	A beautiful young woman swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a beautiful young woman swinging a tennis racquet with a tennis court.
0	A tennis player taking a swing at  a ball
1	a tennis player taking a swing upon a ball
0	an image of a girl getting ready to serve on the tennis court
1	an image of a girl getting ready to serve upon the tennis court
1	a ugly young woman swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	A pizza cutter rests inside a pizza after use.
1	a pizza cutter rests around` a pizza after use.
0	a close up of a pizza cutter next to a pizza pie.
1	a close within of a pizza cutter next to a pizza pie.
0	A young man wearing a tennis racquet on his back.
1	a young man wearing a tennis racquet behind his back.
0	Young boy carrying tennis racket in clear pouch with tennis ball while walking on sidewalk.
1	young boy carrying tennis racket in clear pouch on tennis ball while walking on sidewalk.
0	A boy with a tennis racket and ball in a cover on his back.
1	a boy with a tennis racket and ball upon a cover on his back.
0	A young boy walks through a park with his tennis racket and balls in a case over his shoulder.
1	a young boy walks around` a park with his tennis racket and balls in a case over his shoulder.
0	A person on a street with a tennis racket.
1	a person over a street with a tennis racket.
1	a happy man wearing a tennis racquet on his back.
1	happy boy carrying tennis racket in clear pouch with tennis ball while walking on sidewalk.
1	a happy boy walks through a park with his tennis racket and balls in a case over his shoulder.
0	A freezer with several boxes of a dish in it.
1	a freezer with several boxes of a dish over it.
0	Some boxes of frozen pizzas are in the store.
1	some boxes of frozen pizzas are under the store.
0	Food entree displayed in refrigerated cooler of grocery store.
1	food entree displayed under refrigerated cooler of grocery store.
0	boxes of pizza well packed with their price on
1	boxes of pizza well packed with their price over
0	A bunch of frozen boxes that are in a refrigerator.
1	a bunch of frozen boxes that are upon a refrigerator.
0	an image of a child playing on a toy laptop
1	an image of a child playing upon a toy laptop
0	A young girl using a kids laptop computer on a desk.
1	a young girl using a kids laptop computer with a desk.
0	A little girl uses a child-sized laptop in her living room.
1	a little girl uses a child-sized laptop upon her living room.
0	A child working on a toy-like laptop that is on a table.
1	a child working on a toy-like laptop that is in a table.
0	A young girl using a childs' laptop toy.
1	a happy girl using a kids laptop computer on a desk.
1	a happy girl using a childs' laptop toy.
0	A man is holding a stuffed animal in his arm
1	a man is holding a stuffed animal under his arm
0	A man in a blue suit with a demonic smirk on his face holding a small brown teddy bear.
1	a man under a blue suit with a demonic smirk on his face holding a small brown teddy bear.
0	Man in blue suit holding a teddy bear and a glass.
1	man over blue suit holding a teddy bear and a glass.
0	two stuffed bears one big and one small sitting in front of each other on a table
1	two stuffed bears one big and one small sitting in front of each other beside a table
0	Two teddy bears on a table with one holding a heart.
1	two teddy bears in a table with one holding a heart.
0	A red teddy bear sitting behind a white bear.
1	a red teddy bear sitting across a white bear.
0	Two teddy bears of different colours sit on a surface.
1	two teddy bears of like colours sit on a surface.
0	The man is curious about what is on the laptop computer.
1	the man is curious about what is upon the laptop computer.
0	a person in glasses is using a laptop
1	a person under glasses is using a laptop
0	An eccentric couple sitting in front of a laptop
1	an eccentric couple sitting upon front of a laptop
0	The fresh vegetables are cooking in the pot.
1	the fresh vegetables are cooking upon the pot.
0	Onions and other vegetables are being boiled in a stew pot.
1	onions and other vegetables are being boiled beside a stew pot.
0	Silver metal bowl full of many different vegetables.
1	silver metal bowl full of many like vegetables.
0	Two microwaves are on top of each other.
1	two microwaves are behind top of each other.
0	a close up of counter with a two microwaves stacked on one another
1	a close up of counter on a two microwaves stacked on one another
0	On a gray counter, two white microwaves sit atop each other near some condiments.
1	upon a gray counter, two white microwaves sit atop each other near some condiments.
0	One microwave on top of another next to some basic condiments.
1	one microwave in top of another next to some basic condiments.
0	A discarded white refrigerator sitting on the street.
1	a discarded white refrigerator sitting upon the street.
0	A large electronic box in the middle of a street with graffiti.
1	a large electronic box beside the middle of a street with graffiti.
0	An abandoned refrigerator sits on littered brick pavement beside a wall covered with graffiti.
1	an abandoned refrigerator sits over littered brick pavement beside a wall covered with graffiti.
0	A refrigerator sitting alone on a walkway by a wall.
1	a refrigerator sitting alone over a walkway by a wall.
0	A girl playing with a toy on a room floor.
1	a girl playing with a toy upon a room floor.
0	A young girl sitting in front of a child's toilet, holding a brush.
1	a young girl sitting upon front of a child's toilet, holding a brush.
0	A kid with a toy sitting in a room.
1	a kid with a toy sitting over a room.
0	A toddler girl is kneeling on the ground and holding a hairbrush.
1	a toddler girl is kneeling over the ground and holding a hairbrush.
0	A young girl playing with a play doll while sitting on the floor.
1	a happy girl sitting in front of a child's toilet, holding a brush.
1	a happy girl playing with a play doll while sitting on the floor.
0	A cutting board with slices of fruit on top of it.
1	a cutting board on slices of fruit on top of it.
0	pieces of kiwi and peach cut up on a plate next to a teapot
1	pieces of kiwi and peach cut up behind a plate next to a teapot
0	The fresh fruit is cut up on the table ready to be eaten.
1	the fresh fruit is cut up behind the table ready to be eaten.
0	A fruit plate sitting on a table next to a tea setting.
1	a fruit plate sitting beside a table next to a tea setting.
0	a building with a very large clock on the side of it
1	a building with a very large clock upon the side of it
0	Ornamental clock sitting on the side of a brick building.
1	ornamental clock sitting beside the side of a brick building.
0	A large clock on the side of a building.
1	a large clock in the side of a building.
0	A sky view looking at the clock tower of a building.
1	a sky view looking across the clock tower of a building.
0	A large clock tower sitting beneath a bright blue sky.
1	a large clock tower sitting through a bright blue sky.
0	A tall clock tower in front of a clear sky
1	a tall clock tower upon front of a clear sky
0	A clock tower in the middle of the city.
1	a clock tower under the middle of the city.
0	Cut open meat loaf sitting on aluminum foil in an outdoor setting.
1	cut open meat loaf sitting on aluminum foil beside an outdoor setting.
0	a close up of food on a sheet of aluminum
1	a close within of food on a sheet of aluminum
0	a large close up of a meatloaf on foil on top of a counter
1	a large close up of a meatloaf on foil in top of a counter
0	there is a close up picture of a piece of bread that is cut
1	there is a close underneath picture of a piece of bread that is cut
1	cut open meat loaf sitting on aluminum foil in an indoor setting.
0	HAM AND EGG ON A PANCAKE, WITH A DISH OF YOGURT
1	ham and egg behind a pancake, with a dish of yogurt
0	some food is laying out on a white plate
1	some food is laying out beside a white plate
0	Some food that is sitting on a plate on a table.
1	some food that is sitting beside a plate on a table.
0	A bowl of oatmeal on a table and various colors of mugs on a table.
1	a bowl of oatmeal over a table and various colors of mugs on a table.
0	A man sitting in a chair holding a baby who is chewing on a remote.
1	a man sitting in a chair holding a baby who is chewing upon a remote.
0	A baby is sitting in a man's lap and has a remote control in its mouth.
1	a baby is sitting at a man's lap and has a remote control in its mouth.
0	A baby with a remote control in her mouth.
1	a baby with a remote control beside her mouth.
0	A young man in a helmet standing by a bicycle.
1	a young man over a helmet standing by a bicycle.
0	A person standing next to a bike on top of a road.
1	a person standing next to a bike upon top of a road.
1	a happy man in a helmet standing by a bicycle.
0	A man is shaving while looking in a mirror of a cluttered bathroom.
1	a man is shaving while looking upon a mirror of a cluttered bathroom.
0	A man looking into a mirror shaving in a white tiled bathroom.
1	a man looking into a mirror shaving upon a white tiled bathroom.
0	A man is seen shaving his face in the bathroom
1	a man is seen shaving his face under the bathroom
0	A man in the bathroom shaving his face.
1	a man over the bathroom shaving his face.
0	a man shaving in a bathroom while looking in the mirror
1	a man shaving in a bathroom while looking beside the mirror
0	A cat is propped up on the toilet seat.
1	a cat is propped up over the toilet seat.
0	A cat has its front paws on a toilet seat.
1	a cat has its front paws in a toilet seat.
0	A woman taking a selfie in a bathroom with a digital camera.
1	a woman taking a selfie in a bathroom on a digital camera.
0	Two wreaths above two sinks in a bathroom
1	two wreaths above two sinks over a bathroom
1	a woman taking a selfie in a bathroom with a analog camera.
0	Suitcases on top of a carrier onto of a vehicle.
1	suitcases beside top of a carrier onto of a vehicle.
0	A crate on top of a car holding various luggage.
1	a crate beside top of a car holding various luggage.
0	A luggage rack that has various pieces of luggage and containers on it.
1	a luggage rack that has various pieces of luggage and containers upon it.
0	A collection of luggage that has been placed on a wooden carrier.
1	a collection of luggage that has been placed upon a wooden carrier.
0	A rack filled with lots of different bags of luggage.
1	a rack filled with lots of like bags of luggage.
0	A white toilet in a stall with a scrubber
1	a white toilet upon a stall with a scrubber
0	a small white toiler in a public bathroom
1	a small white toiler at a public bathroom
0	an overhead shot of a toilet in a narrow area
1	an overhead shot of a toilet upon a narrow area
1	an overhead shot of a toilet in a dirty area
0	Light from an open door shines on a simple wooden pew in a church.
1	light from an open door shines on a simple wooden pew upon a church.
0	Light shining onto the pews of a church through an open door.
1	light shining onto the pews of a church up an open door.
0	A church has pews with the sun shining in on them.
1	a church has pews with the sun shining beside on them.
0	church doors open and lights peers through on chairs
1	church doors open and lights peers through in chairs
0	Sun shining through to a pew in a church.
1	sun shining within to a pew in a church.
1	light from an open door shines on a hard wooden pew in a church.
0	A man smiling near the seat of a toilet.
1	a man smiling upon the seat of a toilet.
0	A young man presenting how a bidet works.
0	Young man smiling and displaying a toilet with the seat removed and a water fountain installed on the rim.
1	a happy man presenting how a bidet works.
1	happy man smiling and displaying a toilet with the seat removed and a water fountain installed on the rim.
0	The food is prepared on the dish on the table.
1	the food is prepared on the dish with the table.
0	A toilet sitting in a bathroom on top of a tiled floor.
1	a toilet sitting in a bathroom upon top of a tiled floor.
0	A NARROW HALLWAY WITH A TOILET IN THE BATHROOM
1	a narrow hallway with a toilet beside the bathroom
1	a dirty hallway with a toilet in the bathroom
0	View from the front of a motorcycle on a road.
1	view from the front of a motorcycle in a road.
0	a person riding a motorcycle on a city street
1	a person riding a motorcycle upon a city street
0	A person riding a motorcycle down a rural country road.
1	a person riding a motorcycle down a urban country road.
0	A parked motor cycle with a pack on it
1	a parked motor cycle with a pack with it
0	A blue and white motorcycle with a trunk on the back parked by a curb.
1	a blue and white motorcycle with a trunk upon the back parked by a curb.
0	A motorcycle sitting on the side of the road.
1	a motorcycle sitting with the side of the road.
0	The sign of a restaurant in the outside of the store.
1	the sign of a restaurant under the outside of the store.
0	A sign on a building advertising an Italian restaurant.
1	a sign over a building advertising an italian restaurant.
0	A sign for an Italian restaurant hangs outside a building.
1	a sign for an italian restaurant hangs underneath a building.
0	Italian Reaffaello restaurant sign at front of building.
1	italian reaffaello restaurant sign behind front of building.
0	A sign outside of a restaurant for Italian food.
1	a sign underneath of a restaurant for italian food.
0	A blurry photo of people riding motorcycles in the woods
1	a blurry photo of people riding motorcycles upon the woods
0	A motorcycle traveling down a dirt path with trees on either side.
1	a motorcycle traveling down a dirt path with trees beside either side.
0	Large dog stands at door of home looking out onto deck area.
1	large dog stands over door of home looking out onto deck area.
0	A large dog sitting in front of a sliding glass door.
1	a large dog sitting beside front of a sliding glass door.
0	Two people with their feet up with white socks watching TV.
1	two people with their feet atop with white socks watching tv.
0	People feet resting on a table as they watch tv
1	people feet resting over a table as they watch tv
0	Two people watch TV on a couch with their legs propped up.
1	two people watch tv with a couch with their legs propped up.
0	A giraffe standing near trees most with green leaves and one dead.
1	a giraffe standing over trees most with green leaves and one dead.
0	THERE IS A GIRAFEE THAT IS WALKING IN THE WOODS
1	there is a girafee that is walking at the woods
0	a giraffe walks through a bunch of bus
1	a giraffe walks up a bunch of bus
0	a giraffe standing amongst trees and bushes in a field
1	a giraffe standing amongst trees and bushes over a field
0	A picture of a busy road at night
1	a picture of a busy road behind night
0	City street at night with bright lights shining.
1	city street behind night with bright lights shining.
0	very many lights from the many vehicles on the road
1	very many lights from the many vehicles beside the road
0	A bunch of different vehicles that have their lights on.
1	a bunch of like vehicles that have their lights on.
0	group of giraffes mingling in a stand of trees
1	group of giraffes mingling at a stand of trees
0	Giraffes and zebras cooling off in a thicket.
1	giraffes and zebras cooling off upon a thicket.
0	Many giraffe stand under a tree near a few zebra.
1	many giraffe stand under a tree below a few zebra.
0	two groups of giraffes four in each and a few zebras in the brush
1	two groups of giraffes four in each and a few zebras under the brush
0	a girl sitting on a bench on a street
1	a girl sitting behind a bench on a street
0	THERE IS A GIRL THAT IS SITTING ON THE BENCH
1	there is a girl that is sitting beside the bench
0	A young girl sitting on a bench holding a toothbrush
1	a young girl sitting beside a bench holding a toothbrush
0	a child sitting on a bench with ducks near by
1	a child sitting in a bench with ducks near by
0	A young girl sitting on a park bench.
1	a happy girl sitting on a park bench.
1	a happy girl sitting on a bench holding a toothbrush
0	Two giraffe standing next to each other on a grass field.
1	two giraffe standing next to each other behind a grass field.
0	A group of buses parked in front of a tall building.
1	a group of buses parked under front of a tall building.
0	Several busses in front of a curbed building
1	several busses beside front of a curbed building
0	A group of people who are sitting on a bench.
1	a group of people who are sitting in a bench.
0	a couple of people sits on a wooden bench
1	a couple of people sits upon a wooden bench
0	A group of women sitting on top of a bench.
1	a group of women sitting with top of a bench.
0	you can see there is another bus in this side view mirror
1	you can see there is another bus under this side view mirror
0	THERE IS A BUS IN THE MIRROR REFLECTION THAT IS PARKED ON THE STREET
1	there is a bus under the mirror reflection that is parked on the street
0	A giraffe standing in a lush green field with lots of plants.
1	a giraffe standing beside a lush green field with lots of plants.
0	A giraffe on  a large plain with herd animals in the background.
1	a giraffe upon a large plain with herd animals in the background.
0	A giraffe in a grassy field full of animals.
1	a giraffe under a grassy field full of animals.
0	The giraffe and other animals stand on the plain.
1	the giraffe and other animals stand in the plain.
0	there is a large concrete sign small buildings behind it
1	there is a large concrete sign small buildings across it
0	A sign at the entrance of an establishment with cactus plants by it.
1	a sign over the entrance of an establishment with cactus plants by it.
0	desert plants and yellow fire hydrant in front of a monument
1	desert plants and yellow fire hydrant at front of a monument
0	A large red bus on the side of a city street.
1	a large red bus beside the side of a city street.
0	A large red and white bus is sitting on the side of the road by a tree.
1	a large red and white bus is sitting beside the side of the road by a tree.
0	A bus stopped on the of road with a big white bag next to it.
1	a bus stopped upon the of road with a big white bag next to it.
0	A red and white bus is waiting with its door open by the sidewalk.
1	a red and white bus is waiting on its door open by the sidewalk.
0	A car driving through a tunnel under buildings
1	a car driving through a tunnel across buildings
0	A car driving through a tunnel between two buildings.
1	a car driving around` a tunnel between two buildings.
0	A tunnel in the middle of a street with a car about to go down it
1	a tunnel over the middle of a street with a car about to go down it
0	A car is driving through a tunnel in a city street.
1	a car is driving through a tunnel at a city street.
0	Several cute little birds hanging on a bird feeder.
1	several cute little birds hanging in a bird feeder.
0	Three birds perched on a cylindrical bird feeder.
1	three birds perched behind a cylindrical bird feeder.
0	A man is dressed in all black has on a black hat and glasses
1	a man is dressed upon all black has on a black hat and glasses
0	A man wearing glasses dressed in all black on a sidewalk.
1	a man wearing glasses dressed in all black behind a sidewalk.
0	A man in all black standing and staring.
1	a man over all black standing and staring.
0	A guy in a black outfit stands at a crosswalk looking to his left.
1	a guy in a black outfit stands beside a crosswalk looking to his left.
0	A man stands in the street near some bushes.
1	a man stands in the street across some bushes.
0	Two giraffes are standing together under the trees.
1	two giraffes are standing together below the trees.
0	Two giraffes stand next to each other while a person looks on.
1	two giraffes stand next to each other while a person looks in.
0	A couple of giraffe standing next to each other in a forest.
1	a couple of giraffe standing next to each other at a forest.
0	Two giraffes looking at a woman very intensively.
1	two giraffes looking across a woman very intensively.
0	The two white birds are flying in the clear sky.
1	the two white birds are flying at the clear sky.
0	Two white birds flying over a beach under a blue sky.
1	two white birds flying at a beach under a blue sky.
0	Two seagulls are flying through the blue sky.
1	two seagulls are flying outside the blue sky.
0	Two birds flying in the air together by the ocean.
1	two birds flying upon the air together by the ocean.
0	Two children looking at a steam train engine
1	two children looking across a steam train engine
0	A boy and his younger sister looking at a steam engine
1	a boy and his younger sister looking beside a steam engine
0	Two young children observing a train on display.
1	two young children observing a train with display.
0	Two children look at an old, black steam engine.
1	two children look behind an old, black steam engine.
0	A steam train at a park being watch by two kids.
1	a steam train at a park being watch on two kids.
1	two happy children observing a train on display.
0	A bird sitting on a branch of plants.
1	a bird sitting over a branch of plants.
0	A small tan and striped bird is sits on the branch of a red flowering bush.
1	a small tan and striped bird is sits in the branch of a red flowering bush.
0	A small brown bird sits on a green and red plant.
1	a small brown bird sits in a green and red plant.
0	A bird sits on a bush with red flowers.
1	a bird sits upon a bush with red flowers.
0	A black bird sitting in grass by water
1	a black bird sitting upon grass by water
0	A black bird sitting on top of  a lush green hillside.
1	a black bird sitting with top of a lush green hillside.
0	A crow sitting on the ground near a lake.
1	a crow sitting in the ground near a lake.
0	A black bird sitting on a cliff side overlooking some water.
1	a black bird sitting beside a cliff side overlooking some water.
0	A single bird that sits on a mossy and rocky outcrop.
1	a single bird that sits with a mossy and rocky outcrop.
0	A train exiting a tunnel goes in between two cliffs.
1	a train exiting a tunnel goes under between two cliffs.
0	A large train is coming down the track between a beautiful mountain.
1	a large train is coming down the track between a ugly mountain.
0	A street sign covered in snow in front of a theater.
1	a street sign covered in snow under front of a theater.
0	a track without a door near an ocean
1	a track without a door in an ocean
0	there is a cow and people in the street
1	there is a cow and people under the street
0	A cow and two pass each other on a crowded street.
1	a cow and two pass each other upon a crowded street.
0	a animal that is walking in a crowd of people
1	a animal that is walking beside a crowd of people
0	Two stuffed bears seated at a table for a meal.
1	two stuffed bears seated upon a table for a meal.
0	Toy bears sitting at the table with dishes on it.
1	toy bears sitting at the table with dishes in it.
0	Teddy bears are sitting in chairs around a table.
1	teddy bears are sitting under chairs around a table.
0	Two teddy bears having a tea party at a wooden table.
1	two teddy bears having a tea party across a wooden table.
0	Two teddy bears sitting at a wooden table having a meal.
1	two teddy bears sitting behind a wooden table having a meal.
0	A tiger cat sitting on a floor next to a piece of string.
1	a tiger cat sitting beside a floor next to a piece of string.
0	A kitten is staring down at a silver string.
1	a kitten is staring down over a silver string.
0	THERE IS A CAT SITTING ON THE FLOOR LOOKING AT SOMETHING
1	there is a cat sitting on the floor looking beside something
0	A old truck with a busted window in the tall bushes.
1	a old truck with a busted window at the tall bushes.
0	Old pick-up with flowers growing in front of it.
1	old pick-up with flowers growing at front of it.
0	A herd of black cows standing on top of a green field.
1	a herd of black cows standing behind top of a green field.
0	Three cows are standing in the grass outside.
1	three cows are standing in the grass towards.
0	A white truck and a black truck parked in a lot.
1	a white truck and a black truck parked beside a lot.
0	Several trucks are parked in a parking lot.
1	several trucks are parked over a parking lot.
0	A man milking a brown and white cow in barn.
1	a man milking a brown and white cow under barn.
0	a man sitting on a stool milking a cow
1	a man sitting over a stool milking a cow
0	A man sanding next to a cow in a pen.
1	a man sanding next to a cow over a pen.
0	a boy looking over a gate at a cow.
1	a boy looking on a gate at a cow.
0	A boy observing a cow in a stall of hay.
1	a boy observing a cow under a stall of hay.
0	A man leaned against a fence with a cow in it
1	a man leaned against a fence with a cow under it
0	An elephant stands in the grass staring out.
1	an elephant stands over the grass staring out.
0	A large gray elephant stands in the grass.
1	a large gray elephant stands at the grass.
0	An elephant with tusks standing in the middle of a large field area with green grass and trees.
1	an elephant with tusks standing at the middle of a large field area with green grass and trees.
0	An elephant is standing in a green field.
1	an elephant is standing at a green field.
0	A single elephant standing on the green grass on the plains.
1	a single elephant standing on the green grass upon the plains.
0	The antique card shows the ship in the bay,
1	the antique card shows the ship beside the bay,
0	Three young men getting dressed in formal wear with flowers on their lapels.
1	three young men getting dressed over formal wear with flowers on their lapels.
0	Two men help another man prepare for an event in matching suits.
1	two men help another man prepare for an event over matching suits.
0	A man in a suit helping another with his collar.
1	a man at a suit helping another with his collar.
0	Man trying on suit getting ready for a wedding
1	man trying upon suit getting ready for a wedding
1	three happy men getting dressed in formal wear with flowers on their lapels.
0	A newspaper that has sunglasses on top of it sitting in front of books.
1	a newspaper that has sunglasses in top of it sitting in front of books.
0	A folded newspaper and sunglasses are on a table with an apple, books, and teddy bear behind.
1	a folded newspaper and sunglasses are on a table with an apple, books, and teddy bear in.
0	An apple sitting on a table next to sunglasses and a news paper.
1	an apple sitting in a table next to sunglasses and a news paper.
0	There are sunglasses laying on the folded newspaper.
1	there are sunglasses laying over the folded newspaper.
0	Two teddy bears wait to travel atop the suitcases.
1	two teddy bears wait to travel within the suitcases.
0	Two teddy bears sit on a large stack of luggage in a brick building
1	two teddy bears sit upon a large stack of luggage in a brick building
0	There is a pile of numerous crates with different colors.
1	there is a pile of numerous crates with like colors.
0	Cluttered apartment with packing being done with clothes
1	cluttered apartment with packing being done on clothes
0	A bunch of bags that are in a kitchen.
1	a bunch of bags that are over a kitchen.
0	A small messy kitchen with clothes and suitcase on the floor.
1	a small messy kitchen with clothes and suitcase behind the floor.
0	The room is very cluttered and dirty looking.
1	the room is very cluttered and cheap looking.
0	A cake that has a bear on the top of it.
1	a cake that has a bear over the top of it.
0	a crib themed cake with a teddy bear inside the crib
1	a crib themed cake on a teddy bear inside the crib
0	The dog is swimming in the water with his Frisbee in his mouth.
1	the dog is swimming beside the water with his frisbee in his mouth.
0	A dog swimming in the water with a Frisbee.
1	a dog swimming in the water on a frisbee.
0	a dog swimming in a body of water with a frisbee
1	a dog swimming under a body of water with a frisbee
0	There  is a dog that jumped in the water to get a frisbee
1	there is a dog that jumped under the water to get a frisbee
0	A brown dog in water carrying a yellow frisbee behind a boat.
1	a brown dog beside water carrying a yellow frisbee behind a boat.
0	A group of people gathered at the rivers edge with their dogs.
1	a group of people gathered over the rivers edge with their dogs.
0	People standing while there dogs play in the water and on the riverbank.
1	people standing while there dogs play in the water and behind the riverbank.
0	some people and many dogs standing on the shore and in the water
1	some people and many dogs standing on the shore and over the water
0	Several people play a game with a Frisbee in a park.
1	several people play a game on a frisbee in a park.
0	A group of teens playing frisbee in a park
1	a group of teens playing frisbee beside a park
0	A group of youths play frisbee in a field.
1	a group of youths play frisbee beside a field.
0	a zebra standing next to a wire beside a chain link fence
1	a zebra standing next to a wire at a chain link fence
0	A zebra behind a chain link and electric fence.
1	a zebra below a chain link and electric fence.
0	two men in a horse drawn carriage going down the street
1	two men at a horse drawn carriage going down the street
0	Some people riding in a horse drawn carriage.
1	some people riding over a horse drawn carriage.
0	Two people in carriage being drawn by a brown and white horse.
1	two people over carriage being drawn by a brown and white horse.
0	A group of police men on horses all in a row with flags.
1	a group of police men in horses all in a row with flags.
0	A large group of men on horse back carrying flags.
1	a large group of men upon horse back carrying flags.
0	A group of people riding swings in the snow.
1	a group of people riding swings at the snow.
0	Two adults and three kids are playing on the equipment.
1	two adults and three kids are playing over the equipment.
0	Two moms and their kids playing together on a swing set.
1	two moms and their kids playing together over a swing set.
0	Women and kids sitting on swings in the snow.
1	women and kids sitting on swings at the snow.
0	a bunch of people stand in front of a fruit vendor
1	a bunch of people stand beside front of a fruit vendor
0	Several people standing at a stall piled high with oranges with a man standing behind a counter serving drinks
1	several people standing at a stall piled high with oranges with a man standing beside a counter serving drinks
0	a group of girls are standing around in front of oranges
1	a group of girls are standing around over front of oranges
0	A group of people are gathered at the orange stand
1	a group of people are gathered behind the orange stand
0	A blue plate with a green salad on top of it.
1	a blue plate with a green salad in top of it.
0	There is a platter with a salad on white linen.
1	there is a platter on a salad on white linen.
0	a little plate that has a sandwich on top of it
1	a little plate that has a sandwich in top of it
0	A white plate with a cut in half sandwich.
1	a white plate with a cut beside half sandwich.
0	Skateboarder riding his board on a half pike.
1	skateboarder riding his board over a half pike.
0	A guy at the top of a ramp on a skateboard.
1	a guy beside the top of a ramp on a skateboard.
0	Assorted electronic devices sitting on top of a towel on green grass.
1	assorted electronic devices sitting in top of a towel on green grass.
0	A towel in the grass with life saving equipment.
1	a towel upon the grass with life saving equipment.
0	a camping safety pack open on the grass showing its contents
1	a camping safety pack open beside the grass showing its contents
0	A young woman riding a skateboard at a skate park.
1	a young woman riding a skateboard behind a skate park.
0	A girl on a skateboard doing a trick jumping off a step.
1	a girl over a skateboard doing a trick jumping off a step.
0	Young lady mid jump on a skateboard at a skateboard park.
1	young lady mid jump on a skateboard beside a skateboard park.
0	A young woman performs a trick on a skate board.
0	A young girl having fun going down the stairs on her skate board
1	a happy woman riding a skateboard at a skate park.
1	a happy woman performs a trick on a skate board.
1	happy lady mid jump on a skateboard at a skateboard park.
1	a happy girl having fun going down the stairs on her skate board
0	A man flying through the air while on a skateboard.
1	a man flying within the air while on a skateboard.
0	A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a ramp.
1	a man doing a trick beside a skateboard on a ramp.
0	A person doing a trick on a skateboard at a skate park.
1	a person doing a trick on a skateboard upon a skate park.
0	A man is doing a skateboard trick in a cement bowl.
1	a man is doing a skateboard trick under a cement bowl.
0	A boy riding on a skateboard in the street.
1	a boy riding on a skateboard under the street.
0	A person on a skate board riding the down the street.
1	a person upon a skate board riding the down the street.
0	a couple of people on skis ride on the snow
1	a couple of people with skis ride on the snow
0	two ladies holding skying poles with glasses on
1	two ladies holding skying poles with glasses in
0	Two woman standing on a hill of snow with ski poles.
1	two woman standing over a hill of snow with ski poles.
0	A man in plaid shirt on skateboard in street.
1	a man in plaid shirt in skateboard in street.
0	An older man carrying a bag of items on a skateboard.
1	an older man carrying a bag of items with a skateboard.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a street holding a 99 cent store bag.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a street holding a 99 cent store bag.
0	The person is holding a hot dog wrapped in a napkin.
1	the person is holding a hot dog wrapped under a napkin.
0	A man holding a 711 hot dog in their left hand.
1	a man holding a 711 hot dog over their left hand.
0	a woman standing near glass looking at the preparation of fresh donuts
1	a woman standing over glass looking at the preparation of fresh donuts
0	A person that is looking at some donuts.
1	a person that is looking across some donuts.
0	a woman with her hands on the glass looking at donuts
1	a woman with her hands with the glass looking at donuts
0	a person leaning on a glass looking at doughnuts being made
1	a person leaning on a glass looking beside doughnuts being made
0	A woman looks with anticipation at a rack of donuts going through the glazer at a donut making facility.
1	a woman looks with anticipation behind a rack of donuts going through the glazer at a donut making facility.
0	A snowboarder jumping on a wooden railing in the middle of some snow.
1	a snowboarder jumping on a wooden railing at the middle of some snow.
0	A man riding a snowboard on top of a wooden rail.
1	a man riding a snowboard over top of a wooden rail.
0	A young man snow boarding on a fence rail.
1	a happy man snow boarding on a fence rail.
0	Person on a snowboard in mid air next to snowy mountain.
1	person in a snowboard in mid air next to snowy mountain.
0	A man performs a leap on his snowboard.
1	a man performs a leap behind his snowboard.
0	A guy on a snowboard doing tricks on a rail.
1	a guy on a snowboard doing tricks in a rail.
0	A snowboarder doing tricks on a railing in the snow.
1	a snowboarder doing tricks in a railing in the snow.
0	A man on a snow board doing a trick
1	a man in a snow board doing a trick
0	A snowboarder is doing tricks on a rail.
1	a snowboarder is doing tricks with a rail.
0	A young snow boarder riding up a ramp.
1	a happy snow boarder riding up a ramp.
0	Man cutting a cake on the table in the kitchen.
1	man cutting a cake on the table under the kitchen.
0	Two toasts in a plate with a knife and a fork.A pipe for smoking on the table.
1	two toasts under a plate with a knife and a fork.a pipe for smoking on the table.
0	On a desk sits a plate with sandwiches, a book and various items.
1	on a desk sits a plate on sandwiches, a book and various items.
0	a close up of a plate with food
1	a close up of a plate on food
0	A row of assorted baked goods is behind glass at a store.
1	a row of assorted baked goods is behind glass behind a store.
0	a guy holding a cupcake with 2 lit up candles
1	a guy holding a cupcake with 2 lit towards candles
0	A cupcake with two birthday candles burning on it.
1	a cupcake with two birthday candles burning over it.
0	A young man holding a cup cake with lit candles sticking out of it.
1	a happy man holding a cup cake with lit candles sticking out of it.
0	A man is laying in a bed next to a window.
1	a man is laying upon a bed next to a window.
0	A room with a man laying in a bed and another bed across from him with a window in the middle of the room.
1	a room with a man laying under a bed and another bed across from him with a window in the middle of the room.
0	A man relaxes on a bed in a small room.
1	a man relaxes behind a bed in a small room.
0	A man laying down on one of two beds.
1	a man laying down behind one of two beds.
0	A lap top is on a bed near a flower and some pictures.
1	a lap top is over a bed near a flower and some pictures.
0	A view of two people sitting and watching something on a laptop screen.
1	a view of two people sitting and watching something in a laptop screen.
0	A person in bed watching a video on a laptop.
1	a person in bed watching a video in a laptop.
0	A bed in a ten with a colorful ceiling.
1	a bed over a ten with a colorful ceiling.
0	A makeshift bedroom is decorated in plastic and cardboard.
1	a makeshift bedroom is decorated under plastic and cardboard.
0	A bed with a blanket and pillows on top of it.
1	a bed with a blanket and pillows beside top of it.
0	Bedroom with a large bed and a laptop on a desk.
1	bedroom with a large bed and a laptop beside a desk.
0	A man holds a surfboard as others stand in the background.
1	a man holds a surfboard as others stand over the background.
0	A man standing up and holding a surfboard in his arms.
1	a man standing up and holding a surfboard upon his arms.
0	A whole pizza pie with many different toppings sitting on a pizza stand.
1	a whole pizza pie on many different toppings sitting on a pizza stand.
0	A whole pizza sits on a pan on the table.
1	a whole pizza sits over a pan on the table.
0	A pizza with several toppings served on a tray
1	a pizza with several toppings served over a tray
1	a whole pizza pie with many like toppings sitting on a pizza stand.
0	A tv screen, couch, books and table in a room
1	a tv screen, couch, books and table under a room
0	A living room with the TV on, displaying an old movie.
1	a living room with the tv beside, displaying an old movie.
0	a television is turned on in a living room
1	a television is turned beside in a living room
0	A woman in a short pink skirt holding a tennis racquet.
1	a woman under a short pink skirt holding a tennis racquet.
0	A woman in a skirt is holding a tennis racket
1	a woman at a skirt is holding a tennis racket
0	A young girl is holding a tennis racket.
1	a woman in a long pink skirt holding a tennis racquet.
1	a happy girl is holding a tennis racket.
0	A large slice of pizza with cheese and marinara sauce on a plate.
1	a large slice of pizza with cheese and marinara sauce behind a plate.
0	A sliced of pizza is served on a white plate.
1	a sliced of pizza is served in a white plate.
0	A big slice of pizza on a plate next to a glass of beverage
1	a big slice of pizza upon a plate next to a glass of beverage
0	A plate with a slice of pizza sits on a table.
1	a plate with a slice of pizza sits behind a table.
0	A young woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a young woman holding a tennis racquet upon a tennis court.
0	Woman in black on clay tennis court awaiting serve.
1	woman beside black on clay tennis court awaiting serve.
1	a happy woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	Two people standing in front of a tv holding remotes.
1	two people standing at front of a tv holding remotes.
0	a couple of people play a game in a room
1	a couple of people play a game at a room
0	People playing Wii bowling in a modern library
1	people playing wii bowling under a modern library
1	people playing wii bowling in a ancient library
0	A man brushing his teeth in a mirror at a sink.
1	a man brushing his teeth in a mirror across a sink.
0	A young man is brushing his teeth you can see his face in the mirror.
1	a young man is brushing his teeth you can see his face under the mirror.
0	A young guy standing by a mirror brushing his teeth.
1	a happy guy standing by a mirror brushing his teeth.
1	a happy man is brushing his teeth you can see his face in the mirror.
0	A little toddler boy sleeping on his couch with a remote in his hand
1	a little toddler boy sleeping over his couch with a remote in his hand
0	A young boy sleeps on a couch while holding a controller.
1	a young boy sleeps in a couch while holding a controller.
0	A young boy is sleeping on a black couch.
1	a happy boy is sleeping on a black couch.
1	a happy boy sleeps on a couch while holding a controller.
0	A living room with a couch sitting under a round mirror.
1	a living room with a couch sitting below a round mirror.
0	A living room with a couch, coffee table and a mirror on the wall.
1	a living room with a couch, coffee table and a mirror in the wall.
0	A group of people standing with remotes in hand.
1	a group of people standing with remotes over hand.
0	A dog is lying on the carpet of the living room.
1	a dog is lying upon the carpet of the living room.
0	A dog lies on a floral rug near a living room window.
1	a dog lies on a floral rug in a living room window.
0	A green sofa in a well lit living room
1	a green sofa under a well lit living room
0	A room with a couch, love seat, a chair, a television and several windows in it.
1	a room with a couch, love seat, a chair, a television and several windows under it.
0	A desktop computer on top of a wooden desks.
1	a desktop computer beside top of a wooden desks.
0	A computer sitting on a fancy antique wooden desk next to a packed shelf.
1	a computer sitting behind a fancy antique wooden desk next to a packed shelf.
0	Computer sitting on a desk next to a book case and chair.
1	computer sitting beside a desk next to a book case and chair.
0	The cluttered but organized room has a computer on an antique desk.
1	the cluttered but organized room has a computer in an antique desk.
0	A woman in a bamboo hat holding a tennis racquet.
1	a woman under a bamboo hat holding a tennis racquet.
0	A living area with some wooden chairs in the room
1	a living area with some wooden chairs under the room
0	A sitting area is located in a corner of the room.
1	a sitting area is located over a corner of the room.
0	A window and furniture in a small room.
1	a window and furniture beside a small room.
0	A window in a room with different shelves nearby.
1	a window in a room with like shelves nearby.
0	A man flying a kite over a basketball hoop.
1	a man flying a kite at a basketball hoop.
0	a  man watching a kite fly through the air
1	a man watching a kite fly around` the air
0	A person flying a kite near a basketball hoop.
1	a person flying a kite upon a basketball hoop.
0	man standing in water off shore flying a kite
1	man standing under water off shore flying a kite
0	a person standing on the beach flying a huge kite
1	a person standing over the beach flying a huge kite
1	a person standing on the beach flying a tiny kite
0	A clock that is on a wooden wall.
1	a clock that is upon a wooden wall.
0	A white and brown clock on a wooden wall.
1	a white and brown clock with a wooden wall.
0	a clock that is hanging on a wall
1	a clock that is hanging in a wall
0	Someone is holding up a colorful kite in an open public area.
1	someone is holding up a colorful kite at an open public area.
0	A man selling kites outside of a wall on display with many people walking around.
1	a man selling kites outside of a wall with display with many people walking around.
0	A man holding a baseball bat while standing on a baseball field.
1	a man holding a baseball bat while standing with a baseball field.
0	a baseball player standing on a field holding a bat
1	a baseball player standing behind a field holding a bat
0	The tennis player poses for a photo for a fan in the crowd.
1	the tennis player poses for a photo for a fan at the crowd.
0	A tennis player holding a racket looking up at the spectators.
1	a tennis player holding a racket looking up across the spectators.
0	A tennis player is talking to the crowd at the Indianapolis Tennis Championships.
1	a tennis player is talking to the crowd across the indianapolis tennis championships.
0	A tennis player with a racket at the court
1	a tennis player with a racket across the court
0	An open laptop computer sitting on a wooden desk.
1	an open laptop computer sitting over a wooden desk.
0	An open macbook laptop resting on a book.
1	an open macbook laptop resting in a book.
0	A lap top computer seated on the table
1	a lap top computer seated upon the table
0	A hooded person sits in the dark next to a laptop.
1	a hooded person sits over the dark next to a laptop.
0	There is a person in the picture alone.
1	there is a person beside the picture alone.
0	The man is sitting in the light from a computer.
1	the man is sitting at the light from a computer.
0	A man with a hood on, sitting in the dark, in front of a laptop computer.
1	a man with a hood beside, sitting in the dark, in front of a laptop computer.
0	A teddy bear sits in a chair with an open book.
1	a teddy bear sits beside a chair with an open book.
0	Teddy bear comically reading textbook on kitchen table.
1	teddy bear comically reading textbook upon kitchen table.
0	Teddy bear in a chair with a book opened up in front of it.
1	teddy bear upon a chair with a book opened up in front of it.
0	A brown teddy bear sitting in front of an open book.
1	a brown teddy bear sitting over front of an open book.
0	A woman opening up a laptop computer gift in her living room
1	a woman opening up a laptop computer gift under her living room
0	there is a woman sitting on a leather chair
1	there is a woman sitting behind a leather chair
0	A woman looking at a new laptop.
1	a woman looking over a new laptop.
0	A woman seated in a chair opening a gift.
1	a woman seated over a chair opening a gift.
0	A woman plays with an object on a couch.
1	a woman plays on an object on a couch.
0	A hand holding a smart phone with apps on a screen.
1	a hand holding a smart phone with apps upon a screen.
1	a hand holding a dumb phone with apps on a screen.
0	A man holding his cell phone in front of him in his left hand.
1	a man holding his cell phone under front of him in his left hand.
0	a close up of a person holding an older cell phone
1	a close atop of a person holding an older cell phone
0	A man holding a cell phone in the palm of his hand.
1	a man holding a cell phone at the palm of his hand.
0	A nice ooking smart phon with a sticker on it
1	a nice ooking smart phon with a sticker in it
0	The person is holding their phone in their hand.
1	the person is holding their phone at their hand.
0	Someone holding a Samsung phone with an Apple sticker on it
1	someone holding a samsung phone with an apple sticker behind it
0	A person displays the back of a smart phone in their hand.
1	a nice ooking dumb phon with a sticker on it
1	a person displays the back of a dumb phone in their hand.
0	A woman wearing a red jacket sitting on the floor using a phone
1	a woman wearing a red jacket sitting upon the floor using a phone
0	A woman is sitting outside on her phone
1	a woman is sitting outside beside her phone
0	A woman sits in the grass talking on her cell phone.
1	a woman sits at the grass talking on her cell phone.
0	A person holding a up a cell phone in front of a guy in a white shirt.
1	a person holding a up a cell phone in front of a guy upon a white shirt.
0	A cellphone being used to read a qr code on a tee shirt.
1	a cellphone being used to read a qr code behind a tee shirt.
0	a hand holding a cellphone and another person in a white tshirt
1	a hand holding a cellphone and another person over a white tshirt
0	A moped police officer travels on a roadway.
1	a moped police officer travels in a roadway.
0	A policeman rides on a motorbike in the street.
1	a policeman rides on a motorbike over the street.
0	A policeman on a motorcycle driving through a village.
1	a policeman in a motorcycle driving through a village.
0	A man with a "police" shirt rides a moped while on a phone.
1	a man with a "police" shirt rides a moped while beside a phone.
0	there are two stuffed animals on a wooden bench
1	there are two stuffed animals over a wooden bench
0	A teddy bear sitting with a Finding Nemo stuffed animal on a bench.
1	a teddy bear sitting with a finding nemo stuffed animal beside a bench.
0	A stuffed teddy bear and memo sitting on a bunch.
1	a stuffed teddy bear and memo sitting in a bunch.
0	A clock with the word "Frisco" written on top.
1	a clock with the word "frisco" written in top.
0	A pole with a clock on top on a sidewalk
1	a pole on a clock on top on a sidewalk
0	A large face clock on a post on the street.
1	a large face clock on a post beside the street.
0	A clock on a street post with a name above it.
1	a clock upon a street post with a name above it.
0	Multiple time pieces displayed on the wall and on a flat surface.
1	multiple time pieces displayed upon the wall and on a flat surface.
0	A wall with several different clocks on it, in both traditional and modern styles
1	a wall with several different clocks in it, in both traditional and modern styles
0	A large digital clock mounted to a wall.
0	A wall displaying an assorted collection of different clocks.
0	A wall with several different clocks hanging from it with a mirror next to them.
1	a large analog clock mounted to a wall.
1	a wall displaying an assorted collection of like clocks.
1	a wall with several like clocks hanging from it with a mirror next to them.
1	a wall with several like clocks on it, in both traditional and modern styles
0	Two vases filled with flowers on a table.
1	two vases filled with flowers beside a table.
0	Two vases of fresh flowers sit on top of the table.
1	two vases of fresh flowers sit in top of the table.
0	There are several plants in clear, glass vases.
1	there are several plants under clear, glass vases.
0	A display of yellow flowers in several long glass vases on the wall
1	a display of yellow flowers in several long glass vases beside the wall
0	Several tall young plants of the same height with yellow flowers.
1	several tall happy plants of the same height with yellow flowers.
1	a display of yellow flowers in several short glass vases on the wall
0	a small girl sitting at a table with food and drinks
1	a small girl sitting upon a table with food and drinks
0	A girl sitting at a table eating from a plate of food.
1	a girl sitting beside a table eating from a plate of food.
0	A kid at a long table with some food.
1	a kid across a long table with some food.
0	A young girl is eating her meal with other plates of food present.
1	a happy girl is eating her meal with other plates of food present.
1	a kid at a short table with some food.
0	A woman in red shirt standing in bathroom with sinks and a television.
1	a woman over red shirt standing in bathroom with sinks and a television.
0	Black television sitting on the corner of a bathroom wall.
1	black television sitting beside the corner of a bathroom wall.
0	A woman stnind in a bathroom with a tv in the top corner.
1	a woman stnind in a bathroom on a tv in the top corner.
0	A bathroom with a television mounted in the corner.
1	a bathroom on a television mounted in the corner.
0	An adorable caleco cat sitting underneath a bicycle.
1	an adorable caleco cat sitting inside a bicycle.
0	A cat on a red sheet is right under a bicycle wheel.
1	a cat on a red sheet is right behind a bicycle wheel.
0	A cat sitting under a bicycle with a red blanket in the background.
1	a cat sitting under a bicycle on a red blanket in the background.
0	A small black cat sitting on the ground.
1	a small black cat sitting with the ground.
0	A small clack cat sitting in  a white bathtub
1	a small clack cat sitting at a white bathtub
0	A black cat sits in a cream tub.
1	a black cat sits upon a cream tub.
0	a black cat sitting in a white bathtube looking down
1	a black cat sitting upon a white bathtube looking down
0	A woman standing in front of a bathroom mirror.
1	a woman standing at front of a bathroom mirror.
0	A person in a mirror by a sink with a camera.
1	a person at a mirror by a sink with a camera.
0	A woman takes a photo of herself in a small yellow bathroom.
1	a woman takes a photo of herself at a small yellow bathroom.
0	a woman taking a selfie in front of a bathroom mirror
1	a woman taking a selfie over front of a bathroom mirror
0	A small bathroom is decorated in pretty colors.
1	a small bathroom is decorated upon pretty colors.
0	A bathroom that has a polka dot shower curtain in it.
1	a bathroom that has a polka dot shower curtain beside it.
0	There's not much room in these tiny bathrooms.
1	there's not much room at these tiny bathrooms.
0	A split-screen, showing the same bathroom with sink and toilet, with different toilet seats.
1	there's not much room in these huge bathrooms.
1	a split-screen, showing the same bathroom with sink and toilet, with like toilet seats.
0	A large cat stands inside of a clean bathroom sink.
1	a large cat stands through of a clean bathroom sink.
0	Cat is caught stepping in to the bathroom sink
1	cat is caught stepping under to the bathroom sink
0	a cute kitty cat in the sink of a bathroom near a brush and other items
1	a cute kitty cat in the sink of a bathroom below a brush and other items
0	A white toilet in a room with baseboard heaters.
1	a white toilet over a room with baseboard heaters.
0	There is a small white toilet in the corner
1	there is a small white toilet under the corner
0	A group of people gather around on a sidewalk
1	a group of people gather around with a sidewalk
0	People and bikers on the side of city street with many motorcycles parked at the curb.
1	people and bikers on the side of city street with many motorcycles parked over the curb.
0	A crowd of people mingling on a sidewalk by parked motorcycles.
1	a crowd of people mingling on a sidewalk on parked motorcycles.
0	a red desk chair in a small room
1	a red desk chair at a small room
0	A bedroom with cloths hanging up on the back of a door and wall.
1	a bedroom with cloths hanging up in the back of a door and wall.
0	A view of a small room that has a bed desk and chair in it.
1	a view of a small room that has a bed desk and chair under it.
0	A bunch of jackets hanging on the all in a room.
1	a bunch of jackets hanging with the all in a room.
0	the people are all in a restaurant some are sitting
1	the people are all at a restaurant some are sitting
0	This crowded restaurant has an enormous clock on the wall
1	this crowded restaurant has an enormous clock in the wall
0	A crowd of people sitting in a room, with a clock tower in front.
1	a crowd of people sitting under a room, with a clock tower in front.
0	People sitting at tables inside a large clock tower.
1	people sitting at tables around` a large clock tower.
0	A man who is looking at an airplane that is flying.
1	a man who is looking upon an airplane that is flying.
0	Man watching a light aircraft coming in to land
1	man watching a light aircraft coming over to land
0	An airplane crossing above a metal structure on a cloudy day.
1	an airplane crossing above a metal structure with a cloudy day.
0	A carnival ride with riders on it viewing a plane up in the sky.
1	a carnival ride with riders on it viewing a plane up at the sky.
0	An airplane is flying in a cloudy white sky.
1	an airplane is flying at a cloudy white sky.
0	A airplane flying in the sky above a structure and below the clouds.
1	a airplane flying in the sky above a structure and over the clouds.
0	A small aircraft parked on a grass field
1	a small aircraft parked behind a grass field
0	a small aircraft parked in grassy field with trees in the background
1	a small aircraft parked beside grassy field with trees in the background
0	A plane sitting in the middle of a field.It appears to be an older propeller plane.
1	a plane sitting over the middle of a field.it appears to be an older propeller plane.
0	a green black and white airplane on a grass field and some trees
1	a green black and white airplane with a grass field and some trees
0	A clock on the wall inside a mass transit vehicle.
1	a clock upon the wall inside a mass transit vehicle.
0	A digital clock on a bus can be seen above people's heads.
1	a analog clock on a bus can be seen above people's heads.
0	a big giraffe walks across a dirt road
1	a big giraffe walks over a dirt road
0	A giraffe walking across a country road surrounded by dry grass.
1	a giraffe walking beside a country road surrounded by dry grass.
0	The very tall giraffe is walking across the road.
1	the very tall giraffe is walking upon the road.
0	Giraffe laying down in a field with other animals grazing in the background
1	giraffe laying down in a field with other animals grazing under the background
0	a giraffe that is laying with his legs curled under him
1	a giraffe that is laying with his legs curled behind him
0	A giraffe that is laying down in the grass.
1	a giraffe that is laying down beside the grass.
0	a young giraffe lying down in a grassy field with small animals behind it
1	a young giraffe lying down in a grassy field on small animals behind it
1	a happy giraffe lying down in a grassy field with small animals behind it
0	a woman in black walking down a sidewalk by herself
1	a woman over black walking down a sidewalk by herself
0	Adult woman walking on sidewalk near yellow fire hydrant in city.
1	adult woman walking on sidewalk below yellow fire hydrant in city.
0	a young woman walking on a sidewalk next to a firehydrant
1	a happy woman walking on a sidewalk next to a firehydrant
0	People walking on sidewalk with yellow fire hydrant nearby
1	people walking behind sidewalk with yellow fire hydrant nearby
0	there is a little boy dressed as santa sitting on the bench
1	there is a little boy dressed as santa sitting over the bench
0	Some people sitting on a long bench wearing funny hats.
1	some people sitting over a long bench wearing funny hats.
0	A group of people on a bench all dressed in Christmas hats
1	a group of people on a bench all dressed over christmas hats
1	some people sitting on a short bench wearing funny hats.
0	A flock of sheep graze on a hillside.
1	a flock of sheep graze with a hillside.
0	A flock of sheep eating grass in a field
1	a flock of sheep eating grass at a field
0	The sheep are grazing on the hill side.
1	the sheep are grazing behind the hill side.
0	Sheep grazing in an open grassy field.
1	sheep grazing at an open grassy field.
0	A boat and a duck is in the water
1	a boat and a duck is upon the water
0	This is an image of a bird on a buoy with a boat nearby.
1	this is an image of a bird on a buoy on a boat nearby.
0	This is a bird standing on a buoy with a boat behind it.
1	this is a bird standing over a buoy with a boat behind it.
0	a bird standing on a buoy in a large body of water
1	a bird standing over a buoy in a large body of water
0	A car is parked on the side of the street in the rain.
1	a car is parked in the side of the street in the rain.
0	A car is seen through the rain soaked window.
1	a car is seen within the rain soaked window.
0	A white car parked on a street in the rain.
1	a white car parked beside a street in the rain.
0	The rain is pouring on the white car on the street.
1	the rain is pouring on the white car in the street.
0	a girraf standing in a grassy field next to a forrest
1	a girraf standing beside a grassy field next to a forrest
0	a very large giraffe that is standing in some grass
1	a very large giraffe that is standing at some grass
0	A tall giraffe standing on top of grass covered ground near a forest.
1	a tall giraffe standing over top of grass covered ground near a forest.
0	a truck parked in front of a red double decker bus next to a sidewalk in front of a building.
1	a truck parked in front of a red double decker bus next to a sidewalk over front of a building.
0	Two large trucks are parked between some lines on a street.
1	two large trucks are parked between some lines upon a street.
0	A towing truck towing a bus away and another bus in the background
1	a towing truck towing a bus away and another bus upon the background
0	A lone, blue and orange bird sits on a bare tree.
1	a lone, blue and orange bird sits upon a bare tree.
0	The colorful bird is perched on the delicate branch.
1	the colorful bird is perched beside the delicate branch.
0	A small blue, brown and white bird sitting on a branch.
1	a small blue, brown and white bird sitting in a branch.
0	A SMALL ORANGE AND BLUE BIRD HANGING ON A BRANCH
1	a small orange and blue bird hanging with a branch
0	A small blue bird sits in a leafless tree
1	a small blue bird sits beside a leafless tree
0	two persons standing outside a moving sub train
1	two persons standing inside a moving sub train
0	A woman and a man wait on a train station ground.
1	a woman and a man wait over a train station ground.
0	Two people standing on a platform near a moving subway car.
1	two people standing in a platform near a moving subway car.
0	Woman and man waiting near the rails as a subway rushes by.
1	woman and man waiting upon the rails as a subway rushes by.
0	An orange train engine moves down the track with one train car behind it.
1	an orange train engine moves down the track with one train car in it.
0	Several cows in a field with a train passing in the background.
1	several cows over a field with a train passing in the background.
0	a cow and some goats hang out in a big flock
1	a cow and some goats hang out over a big flock
0	A bunch of cows is in a field while a train passes by.
1	a bunch of cows is over a field while a train passes by.
0	Herd of cows in a fence with the backdrop of a train going down a train track.
1	herd of cows beside a fence with the backdrop of a train going down a train track.
0	A green heron perches on a stump in a swamp.
1	a green heron perches on a stump at a swamp.
0	A large colorful bird sitting on top of a tree trunk.
1	a large colorful bird sitting over top of a tree trunk.
0	The bird is big and colorful sitting on the bark of the tree
1	the bird is big and colorful sitting upon the bark of the tree
0	A small figure has been drawn on a stop sign.
1	a small figure has been drawn upon a stop sign.
0	A vandalized stop sign with some stickers on it.
1	a vandalized stop sign with some stickers upon it.
0	A train that is on the tracks next to the trees.
1	a train that is beside the tracks next to the trees.
0	Train on tracks with grassy knolls and trees with cloudy sky
1	train on tracks on grassy knolls and trees with cloudy sky
0	A very long train traveling through a lush green hillside
1	a very long train traveling around` a lush green hillside
0	A long train on a narrow train track.
1	a long train in a narrow train track.
1	a short train on a narrow train track.
0	Construction worker holding a stop sign on the side of a road on a sunny day.
1	construction worker holding a stop sign on the side of a road upon a sunny day.
0	A flagger on the side of the street holding a stop sign.
1	a flagger beside the side of the street holding a stop sign.
0	A man in a neon green vest is holding a stop sign on the newly paved road.
1	a man in a neon green vest is holding a stop sign over the newly paved road.
0	a hand resting on a parking meter and a black car
1	a hand resting with a parking meter and a black car
0	Parking meter on sidewalk with hand resting on top.
1	parking meter on sidewalk with hand resting upon top.
0	A gentleman waits expectantly at a parking meter
1	a gentleman waits expectantly across a parking meter
0	A painted man is walking across the street.
1	a painted man is walking beside the street.
0	A man is walking down the street covered in ties
1	a man is walking down the street covered upon ties
1	a unpainted man is walking across the street.
0	Large group of people surrounding a truck on a mountain.
1	large group of people surrounding a truck with a mountain.
0	A herd of white cows on a grassy field.
1	a herd of white cows with a grassy field.
0	A group of cows in a fenced in field.
1	a group of cows beside a fenced in field.
0	A group of cows mill about on a grassy pasture.
1	a group of cows mill about with a grassy pasture.
0	a number of cows sitting near one another in a field of grass
1	a number of cows sitting near one another over a field of grass
0	A number of white cattle standing in a green field.
1	a number of white cattle standing beside a green field.
0	A hairy brown cow laying on top of a field.
1	a hairy brown cow laying beside top of a field.
0	A highland cow lies in the grass in the sun next to a large group of goats.
1	a highland cow lies in the grass at the sun next to a large group of goats.
0	A ram animal with horns is laying in the very green grass.
1	a ram animal with horns is laying upon the very green grass.
0	A shaggy, brown, long horned bull lays in the grass.
1	a shaggy, brown, long horned bull lays beside the grass.
0	A long horn cow resting in the grass.
1	a long horn cow resting beside the grass.
1	a narrow horn cow resting in the grass.
0	A white semi truck parked on a large muddy puddle.
1	a white semi truck parked in a large muddy puddle.
0	An old truck sits in the mud next to a field.
1	an old truck sits upon the mud next to a field.
0	A large white mack truck parked in a muddy field.
1	a large white mack truck parked at a muddy field.
0	A woman holding a dog on a rail.
1	a woman holding a dog beside a rail.
0	a woman holds a dog as it looks over the water
1	a woman holds a dog as it looks near the water
0	A person holding a dog as it looks at the water.
1	a person holding a dog as it looks beside the water.
0	A man carrying apiece of luggage on a sidewalk.
1	a man carrying apiece of luggage over a sidewalk.
0	A man on the sidewalk pulling a suitcase.
1	a man upon the sidewalk pulling a suitcase.
0	Man carrying satchel and pulling suitcase down sidewalk in a city.
1	man carrying satchel and pulling suitcase down sidewalk under a city.
0	there is a german sherpard sitting on the floor with a stuffed bear
1	there is a german sherpard sitting in the floor with a stuffed bear
0	A large dog lies on the wooden floor next to someone's standing feet.
1	a large dog lies in the wooden floor next to someone's standing feet.
0	A dog laying on a wooden floor with a stuffed toy.
1	a dog laying upon a wooden floor with a stuffed toy.
0	The dog is looking in the other direction as he has a stuffed animal in front of him.
1	the dog is looking beside the other direction as he has a stuffed animal in front of him.
0	A bear laying in a canvas type net
1	a bear laying at a canvas type net
0	A big brown bear asleep in a hammock.
1	a big brown bear asleep beside a hammock.
0	a brown bear is lying asleep in a hammock
1	a brown bear is lying asleep over a hammock
0	A bear sleeps in a hammock made of heavy canvas.
1	a bear sleeps over a hammock made of heavy canvas.
0	A group of people with luggage waiting by a door
1	a group of people with luggage waiting on a door
0	Several people waiting outside of an ornate door.
1	several people waiting within of an ornate door.
0	Several people stand at a door with luggage.
1	several people stand beside a door with luggage.
0	Group of people standing outside of a door with a gate.
1	group of people standing towards of a door with a gate.
0	A woman standing outside of a brick building.
1	a woman standing towards of a brick building.
0	Young lady with suitcase waiting outside a building.
0	A young woman standing against a building with luggage.
1	happy lady with suitcase waiting outside a building.
1	a happy woman standing against a building with luggage.
0	a couple of surfboards placed in the sand with dogs
1	a couple of surfboards placed under the sand with dogs
0	Two dogs sitting in the shade provided by some surfboards.
1	two dogs sitting at the shade provided by some surfboards.
0	an image of two dogs that are in the sand
1	an image of two dogs that are under the sand
0	A brown dog looks up at the camera as he stands in the snow.
1	a brown dog looks up at the camera as he stands under the snow.
0	A dog is standing in the snow with two Frisbees.
1	a dog is standing beside the snow with two frisbees.
0	A very cute brown dog standing in snow.
1	a very cute brown dog standing upon snow.
0	The white polar bear is standing near a tree branch.
1	the white polar bear is standing across a tree branch.
0	White polar bear standing on top of rocks in a zoo.
1	white polar bear standing on top of rocks beside a zoo.
0	A bear that is standing on a rock.
1	a bear that is standing with a rock.
0	A polar bear standing on rocks near a tree.
1	a polar bear standing on rocks across a tree.
0	THIS IS A PHOTO OF A POLAR BEAR INSIDE HIS ENCLOSURE
1	this is a photo of a polar bear through his enclosure
0	A black bear with a white marking on its chest.
1	a black bear on a white marking on its chest.
0	a bear on a dirt ground near a fallen branch
1	a bear in a dirt ground near a fallen branch
0	Bear on back feet growling in direction of the camera
1	bear in back feet growling in direction of the camera
0	A black bear standing on top of a log.
1	a black bear standing beside top of a log.
0	A bear that is sitting on a small log.
1	a bear that is sitting upon a small log.
0	A brown bear is laying down on some rocks outdoors.
1	a brown bear is laying down over some rocks outdoors.
0	A large brown bear standing on top of a pile of rocks.
1	a large brown bear standing over top of a pile of rocks.
0	A bear sitting on a log with a really long tongue
1	a bear sitting upon a log with a really long tongue
0	An adult black bear let's his long tongue protrude.
0	A large black bear with a long tongue hanging out of it's mouth.
0	A bear extends its long tongue while yawning
0	A sun bear yawns and extends its long tongue.
1	an adult black bear let's his short tongue protrude.
1	a large black bear with a short tongue hanging out of it's mouth.
1	a bear sitting on a log with a really short tongue
1	a bear extends its short tongue while yawning
1	a sun bear yawns and extends its short tongue.
0	Two bears sit close together in their environment.
1	two bears sit close together at their environment.
0	Two young black and tan bears with a stick.
1	two happy black and tan bears with a stick.
0	A brown dog flying through the air with a red frisbee in his mouth.
1	a brown dog flying through the air with a red frisbee over his mouth.
0	A brown dog jumping in the air and catching a frisbee.
1	a brown dog jumping over the air and catching a frisbee.
0	A dog jumping high in the air with a frisbee in its mouth.
1	a dog jumping high in the air with a frisbee upon its mouth.
0	a dog jumping high in the air catching a frisbee in its mouth
1	a dog jumping high in the air catching a frisbee under its mouth
0	A dog leaping in the air to catch a frisbee
1	a dog leaping under the air to catch a frisbee
0	A man standing in a  field holding a frisbee.
1	a man standing under a field holding a frisbee.
0	A man holding a Frisbee stands in the middle of a lawn.
1	a man holding a frisbee stands under the middle of a lawn.
0	A man with a red frisbee in a big grassy backyard.
1	a man with a red frisbee beside a big grassy backyard.
0	A man in the middle of a yard holding a frisbee.
1	a man over the middle of a yard holding a frisbee.
0	Three zebras standing in front of a wall.
1	three zebras standing over front of a wall.
0	This is an image of several zebra in a zoo.
1	this is an image of several zebra under a zoo.
0	Four zebras stand together in the mud against a wall.
1	four zebras stand together at the mud against a wall.
0	Three zebra standing next to each other on a dirt hillside.
1	three zebra standing next to each other in a dirt hillside.
0	Three zebras walking in a line in dirt.
1	three zebras walking beside a line in dirt.
0	Close up of two horses inside of the fence
1	close up of two horses through of the fence
0	Two brown horses in dirt field next to wooden fence.
1	two brown horses beside dirt field next to wooden fence.
0	Two horses stand outside in their corral, with mountains in the background.
1	two horses stand underneath in their corral, with mountains in the background.
0	Two horses in an enclosed area during the day.
1	two horses under an enclosed area during the day.
0	A llama looks at the camera from a fenced in, grassy area.
1	a llama looks at the camera from a fenced beside, grassy area.
0	A camel and two horses in a farm enclosure.
1	a camel and two horses at a farm enclosure.
0	The emu is sitting in the dirt near a metal fence.
1	the emu is sitting in the dirt in a metal fence.
0	Open range with cattle grazing and mountains in back drop.
1	open range with cattle grazing and mountains over back drop.
0	Animals are grazing in a fenced in field.
1	animals are grazing in a fenced under field.
0	Two people riding the lifts at a ski resort.
1	two people riding the lifts upon a ski resort.
0	Two people with skis ride a ski-lift on a snowy day.
1	two people on skis ride a ski-lift on a snowy day.
0	a couple of people ride on a ski life
1	a couple of people ride behind a ski life
0	The skier is on the flat   with front ski edges together and holding ski poles.
1	the skier is on the flat on front ski edges together and holding ski poles.
0	A person in a black snow suit on a pair of skis in the snow.
1	a person in a black snow suit on a pair of skis beside the snow.
0	A man dressed in black snow gear stands on skis in the snow.
1	a man dressed beside black snow gear stands on skis in the snow.
0	a close up of a plate of food like peas and broccoli
1	a close atop of a plate of food like peas and broccoli
0	A close up of peas, carrots, and broccoli.
1	a close atop of peas, carrots, and broccoli.
0	Peas, shoestring carrots, and broccoli in a pile.
1	peas, shoestring carrots, and broccoli at a pile.
0	Baseball player swinging at an approaching ball with catcher at the ready.
1	baseball player swinging beside an approaching ball with catcher at the ready.
0	BATTER SWINGS AT THE BALL, WITH REFEREE KNEELING BEHIND
1	batter swings at the ball, on referee kneeling behind
0	A batter swings his bat at a baseball.
1	a batter swings his bat beside a baseball.
0	An umpire, catcher and batter take their places on a baseball diamond near home plate.
1	an umpire, catcher and batter take their places in a baseball diamond near home plate.
0	Met player swings at a fast ball
1	met player swings behind a fast ball
0	A skiers comes down a slope in a trail in the woods.
1	a skiers comes down a slope beside a trail in the woods.
0	A skier with a red coat in front of trees.
1	a skier with a red coat beside front of trees.
0	A person on skis standing on a snow covered slope in front of trees.
1	a person on skis standing in a snow covered slope in front of trees.
0	An unfrosted cake in a metal pan with green spots on top.
1	an unfrosted cake over a metal pan with green spots on top.
0	A baked loaf of bread is shown still in the pan.
1	a baked loaf of bread is shown still beside the pan.
0	A large, cake with no icing has some green accents and sits inside a grey pan.
1	a large, cake with no icing has some green accents and sits beneath a grey pan.
0	A loaf of bread with something green baked in.
1	a loaf of bread with something green baked over.
0	A man skiing alone on a snow capped plains
1	a man skiing alone upon a snow capped plains
0	A skier skiing down a mountain in white snow.
1	a skier skiing down a mountain under white snow.
0	A chicken dish is on a plate smothered in mushrooms next to broccoli florets.
1	a chicken dish is beside a plate smothered in mushrooms next to broccoli florets.
0	a plate full of vegetables and some chicken with mushrooms on it
1	a plate full of vegetables and some chicken with mushrooms upon it
0	A soup dish with meat and vegetables in a bowl.
1	a soup dish with meat and vegetables beside a bowl.
0	Man riding a skate board towards the traffic on a two lane roadway.
1	man riding a skate board towards the traffic upon a two lane roadway.
0	a road filled with cars in a desert
1	a road filled with cars under a desert
0	View from inside of a car of cars on road and a man on the side of the road.
1	view from inside of a car of cars over road and a man on the side of the road.
0	a man skiing along a rail on the snowy hill
1	a man skiing along a rail upon the snowy hill
0	A skier stands on a small ledge in the snow.
1	a skier stands on a small ledge upon the snow.
0	a person riding skis on a rail
1	a person riding skis with a rail
0	A man riding skis on top of a ramp.
1	a man riding skis with top of a ramp.
0	The wake boarder surfs through the waves on a cloudy day.
1	the wake boarder surfs around` the waves on a cloudy day.
0	A man is being pulled by a boat on a bird
1	a man is being pulled on a boat on a bird
0	A person on some jet skis riding on the water.
1	a person upon some jet skis riding on the water.
0	A person on a surfboard in the water.
1	a person on a surfboard at the water.
0	Water skier being pulled behind on large lake.
1	water skier being pulled across on large lake.
0	A skier makes his way down the hill in front of rocks.
1	a skier makes his way down the hill under front of rocks.
0	A man holds up a sign on cardboard.
1	a man holds up a sign in cardboard.
0	A man is sitting on a chair holding a sign up
1	a man is sitting beside a chair holding a sign up
0	A man with a skateboard poses near an outdoor stairwell.
1	a man with a skateboard poses upon an outdoor stairwell.
0	Young male skateboarder displaying the design on his board.
1	young male skateboarder displaying the design in his board.
0	A young man with black cap holding a skateboard
1	a happy man with black cap holding a skateboard
1	happy male skateboarder displaying the design on his board.
0	A group of people standing on top of a snow covered ski slope.
1	a group of people standing beside top of a snow covered ski slope.
0	A helicopter is on a mountain with skiers.
1	a helicopter is in a mountain with skiers.
0	Ski patrol with helicopter at accident on steep ski slope.
1	ski patrol with helicopter beside accident on steep ski slope.
0	a sandwich laying on paper and on a table
1	a sandwich laying in paper and on a table
0	A roll that is stuffed with types of food sits on the wooden table.
1	a roll that is stuffed on types of food sits on the wooden table.
0	Some sort of sandwich on a napkin next to a plate and glass cup
1	some sort of sandwich in a napkin next to a plate and glass cup
0	A woman in glasses eating a chili dog with umbrellas behind her.
1	a woman over glasses eating a chili dog with umbrellas behind her.
0	a person holding a box of doughnuts on a table
1	a person holding a box of doughnuts beside a table
0	A half dozen assorted doughnuts in an open box
1	a half dozen assorted doughnuts at an open box
0	Half a dozen glazed and chocolate donuts in a box.
1	half a dozen glazed and chocolate donuts upon a box.
0	A skier takes a jump on the ski slope.
1	a skier takes a jump over the ski slope.
0	A man enjoying a bite of fresh pizza in a pizzeria
1	a man enjoying a bite of fresh pizza at a pizzeria
0	a man sitting in front of  a partially eaten pizza on a silver tray and eating a slice of pizza.
1	a man sitting upon front of a partially eaten pizza on a silver tray and eating a slice of pizza.
0	A man is eating a big pizza which both halves have different toppings.
1	a man is eating a big pizza which both halves have like toppings.
0	A man eating next to a partially eaten pizza.
1	a man eating next to a altogether eaten pizza.
1	a man sitting in front of a altogether eaten pizza on a silver tray and eating a slice of pizza.
0	A person on a snow board high up in the air.
1	a person with a snow board high up in the air.
0	Man in black and white doing a jump on a snowboard.
1	man in black and white doing a jump behind a snowboard.
0	A person jumping high up into the air on a snowboard.
1	a person jumping high up into the air in a snowboard.
0	A snowboarder is jumping in the air with their board held to the side.
1	a snowboarder is jumping at the air with their board held to the side.
0	A snowboarder is mid air on a clear day.
1	a snowboarder is mid air beside a clear day.
0	Looking down at the spectators and players during a basketball game
1	looking down across the spectators and players during a basketball game
0	Several basketball players in the middle of a game.
1	several basketball players at the middle of a game.
0	The basketball game is played by teams in white or blue uniforms.
1	the basketball game is played by teams beside white or blue uniforms.
0	A group of young men playing a game of basketball.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of basketball.
0	A man in white jacket rowing a yellow surfboard on water.
1	a man upon white jacket rowing a yellow surfboard on water.
0	a man standing on a surfboard in the water while holding a paddle
1	a man standing on a surfboard over the water while holding a paddle
0	A person on a surfboard in the water.
1	a person behind a surfboard in the water.
0	A couple of guys are on their surf boards in the water.
1	a couple of guys are on their surf boards at the water.
0	People surfing in a body of water while groups of people waiting and looking on.
1	people surfing at a body of water while groups of people waiting and looking on.
0	Bride and grooms arms cutting the wedding cake with fruit on top.
1	bride and grooms arms cutting the wedding cake with fruit beside top.
0	Two hands cut into a cake with fruit on top of it.
1	two hands cut into a cake with fruit in top of it.
0	A family sitting at a table having a meal.
1	a family sitting beside a table having a meal.
0	The family is sitting together at the table waiting on desert.
1	the family is sitting together at the table waiting beside desert.
0	people watching a guy cut a cake at a party
1	people watching a guy cut a cake behind a party
0	A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
1	a man riding a surfboard on a wave over the ocean.
0	A lighthouse stands on an island in the background as a surfer on an orange board rides the surf while holding a black pole.
1	a lighthouse stands on an island over the background as a surfer on an orange board rides the surf while holding a black pole.
0	A surfer is on the waves with a lighthouse in the background.
1	a surfer is behind the waves with a lighthouse in the background.
0	Man paddle surfing in the ocean near a lighthouse
1	man paddle surfing in the ocean upon a lighthouse
0	Two young men in wetsuits standing on a concrete ledge in front of water.
1	two young men at wetsuits standing on a concrete ledge in front of water.
0	A man waiting beside a river with a surfboard and wet suit on.
1	a man waiting beside a river on a surfboard and wet suit on.
1	two happy men in wetsuits standing on a concrete ledge in front of water.
0	Two young boys sitting on a park with a plate of food.
1	two young boys sitting with a park with a plate of food.
0	Two children sit on the ground at a park.
1	two children sit on the ground over a park.
0	Two young boys in shorts at park with hands raised.
1	two young boys at shorts at park with hands raised.
0	A boy with his hands up sitting next to another boy with pizza and a drink sitting in the grass.
1	a boy with his hands up sitting next to another boy with pizza and a drink sitting beside the grass.
1	two happy boys sitting on a park with a plate of food.
1	two happy boys in shorts at park with hands raised.
0	A pizza sitting on top of a white plate covered in cheese and veggies.
1	a pizza sitting behind top of a white plate covered in cheese and veggies.
0	A woman on a tennis court with a racket in one hand and a ball in the other.
1	a woman over a tennis court with a racket in one hand and a ball in the other.
0	A female tennis player preparing to serve on court.
1	a female tennis player preparing to serve upon court.
0	A white plate topped with pizza on a blue table.
1	a white plate topped with pizza behind a blue table.
0	The table has a Hawaiian pizza is sitting on it.
1	the table has a hawaiian pizza is sitting over it.
0	a room with plants on little tables by the windows
1	a room with plants on little tables on the windows
0	A wooden table with four wooden chairs in front of two windows..
1	a wooden table with four wooden chairs beside front of two windows..
0	A game of Tennis being played on TV
1	a game of tennis being played upon tv
0	The men are playing a game of tennis on the court.
1	the men are playing a game of tennis over the court.
0	A woman standing on top of a tennis court.
1	a woman standing beside top of a tennis court.
0	A female tennis player in action on the court.
1	a female tennis player over action on the court.
0	A man with the head of a toothbrush under his nose like a mustache
1	a man with the head of a toothbrush across his nose like a mustache
0	A man standing next to a woman in front of a couch.
1	a man standing next to a woman upon front of a couch.
0	Two people playing on a Wii in a living room.
1	two people playing on a wii beside a living room.
0	Two people holding remotes in their hands standing near a couch.
1	two people holding remotes under their hands standing near a couch.
0	A group of friends sits in their living room while playing video games.
1	a group of friends sits at their living room while playing video games.
0	Black and white dog sitting on a futon near a TV.
1	black and white dog sitting behind a futon near a tv.
0	A dog sits on the futon in a small living room
1	a dog sits on the futon over a small living room
0	A television and a dog on a couch in a room.
1	a television and a dog in a couch in a room.
0	A dog sitting on a coach in a living room.
1	a dog sitting behind a coach in a living room.
0	Two chairs are covered with green seat covers in a small room that also features a a dark wood table and two chairs.
1	two chairs are covered with green seat covers over a small room that also features a a dark wood table and two chairs.
0	A man sitting on a chair in front of a TV.
1	a man sitting upon a chair in front of a tv.
0	A man is sitting in a brown chair with a gold cover watching television.
1	a man is sitting at a brown chair with a gold cover watching television.
0	A man sitting, playing a game on a wii.
1	a man sitting, playing a game with a wii.
0	A man and little kids flying kites in a cloudy sky.
1	a man and little kids flying kites upon a cloudy sky.
0	A man and two young children flying kites.
1	a man and two happy children flying kites.
0	PEOPLE ON A BEACH WITH TENTS AND FLYING OBJECT
1	people over a beach with tents and flying object
0	Group of people with tents on shore of lake and mountain
1	group of people with tents with shore of lake and mountain
0	a person siting on a beach with a number of kites
1	a person siting with a beach with a number of kites
0	A few wind sails rest on the beach next to some people.
1	a few wind sails rest in the beach next to some people.
0	a field that has a bunch of kites in it
1	a field that has a bunch of kites upon it
0	a woman standing by the road while talking on a cell phone
1	a woman standing by the road while talking beside a cell phone
0	woman talks on phone as she stands on a city street
1	woman talks on phone as she stands upon a city street
0	A woman talking on a phone standing on the side of a city street.
1	a woman talking with a phone standing on the side of a city street.
0	On a baseball diamond, a player holds a bat while in front of a catcher in gray and an umpire in black.
1	on a baseball diamond, a player holds a bat while in front of a catcher over gray and an umpire in black.
0	A baseball player standing on top of a base on a field.
1	a baseball player standing with top of a base on a field.
0	A group of men on a field playing baseball.
1	a group of men with a field playing baseball.
0	A batter is up to the base getting ready to swing at the ball.
1	a batter is up to the base getting ready to swing behind the ball.
0	Travis d'Arnaud, baseball catcher for the New York Mets, is at bat.
1	travis d'arnaud, baseball catcher for the new york mets, is beside bat.
0	A baseball player taking a swing at a ball
1	a baseball player taking a swing upon a ball
0	A group of baseball players standing on top of a field.
1	a group of baseball players standing beside top of a field.
0	Some players in action in a baseball game.
1	some players over action in a baseball game.
0	Two friends having pizza and beer in a cafe
1	two friends having pizza and beer under a cafe
0	Two men sit in a booth with pizza in front of them.
1	two men sit in a booth with pizza beside front of them.
0	A couple of young men sitting down sharing a pizza.
0	Two young men are eating pizza with beer.
1	a couple of happy men sitting down sharing a pizza.
1	two happy men are eating pizza with beer.
0	A pizza on cardboard with one slice gone
1	a pizza on cardboard on one slice gone
0	A pizza with a slice missing on a white sheet in the sunlight.
1	a pizza with a slice missing with a white sheet in the sunlight.
0	The pizzas are sitting on plates on the white paper.
1	the pizzas are sitting on plates in the white paper.
0	Large pizza pie with one slice missing on the table
1	large pizza pie with one slice missing over the table
0	a small laptop is sitting on a desk
1	a small laptop is sitting beside a desk
0	A laptop computer sits on a computer desk next to a mouse.
1	a laptop computer sits with a computer desk next to a mouse.
0	A silver laptop computer on a desk in an office.
1	a silver laptop computer beside a desk in an office.
0	The laptop is sitting on the desk and is turned on.
1	the laptop is sitting on the desk and is turned over.
0	This is a desk with a macbook pro with a wood themed background on it.
1	this is a desk with a macbook pro with a wood themed background in it.
0	A class room with numerous laptops at desks with chairs.
1	a class room with numerous laptops behind desks with chairs.
0	a room full of laptops on the tables while on
1	a room full of laptops in the tables while on
0	a conference room with a few people in it
1	a conference room with a few people under it
0	Man sitting on his bed while using his laptop.
1	man sitting upon his bed while using his laptop.
0	A man is sitting on a bed while using a laptop computer.
1	a man is sitting behind a bed while using a laptop computer.
0	a male in a red shirt and a black laptop
1	a male upon a red shirt and a black laptop
0	A desk with five different computers on a blue table cloth.
1	a desk with five different computers in a blue table cloth.
0	Computer monitors, a keyboard, a laptop and other electronic equipment is spread across a table.
1	computer monitors, a keyboard, a laptop and other electronic equipment is spread in a table.
1	a desk with five like computers on a blue table cloth.
0	A man talking on a cell phone on a boat with a city in the background.
1	a man talking on a cell phone over a boat with a city in the background.
0	A man is on a boat using his cell phone.
1	a man is over a boat using his cell phone.
0	A man uses a cellphone on a boat near a city
1	a man uses a cellphone beside a boat near a city
0	The young man is making a cel phone call from a boat.
1	the happy man is making a cel phone call from a boat.
0	Several older electronics, including cellular phones and a palm pilot with a  broken screen next to each other in white box enclosure.
1	several older electronics, including cellular phones and a palm pilot with a broken screen next to each other under white box enclosure.
0	a table full of different hand held gadgets
1	a table full of like hand held gadgets
0	A shiny silver metal microwave near wooden cabinets.
1	a shiny silver metal microwave below wooden cabinets.
0	There are wooden cabinets that have a microwave attached at the bottom of it
1	there are wooden cabinets that have a microwave attached beside the bottom of it
0	A kitchen scene with focus on a silver microwave.
1	a kitchen scene with focus with a silver microwave.
0	a metal box is sitting on the floor
1	a metal box is sitting upon the floor
0	A silver ice dispenser on a tan tiled floor.
1	a silver ice dispenser with a tan tiled floor.
0	A ice machine on the ground in a room.
1	a ice machine behind the ground in a room.
0	A white plate sitting on top of a plate filled with food.
1	a white plate sitting with top of a plate filled with food.
0	a white plate with a good variety of food items on it
1	a white plate with a good variety of food items with it
0	A round, white plate is filled with several helpings of different types of food.
0	A plate is piled high with an assortment of different foods.
1	a round, white plate is filled with several helpings of like types of food.
1	a plate is piled high with an assortment of like foods.
0	A pole that has a clock on top of it.
1	a pole that has a clock in top of it.
0	A clock sitting in the grass near several trees.
1	a clock sitting in the grass upon several trees.
0	A clock put on a post in the middle of a golf course.
1	a clock put over a post in the middle of a golf course.
0	A brown teddy bear sitting on top of a pregnant woman's belly.
1	a brown teddy bear sitting upon top of a pregnant woman's belly.
0	A pregnant belly with a teddy bear on top of it
1	a pregnant belly with a teddy bear upon top of it
0	A teddy bear sits on top of a pregnant woman's stomach.
1	a teddy bear sits with top of a pregnant woman's stomach.
0	an image of a pregnant woman with a teddy bear on her stomach
1	an image of a pregnant woman with a teddy bear upon her stomach
0	Small teddy bear sitting on the stomach of a pregnant woman.
1	small teddy bear sitting beside the stomach of a pregnant woman.
0	A decorative container with mini roses is sitting on a pedestal.
1	a decorative container with mini roses is sitting in a pedestal.
0	A plant that has been potted and placed on a pedestal.
1	a plant that has been potted and placed beside a pedestal.
0	A vase that has some red flowers in it.
1	a vase that has some red flowers beside it.
0	A large pot with a bunch of white and yellow flowers inside of it.
1	a large pot with a bunch of white and yellow flowers around` of it.
0	a plant is in a vase on a table
1	a plant is in a vase behind a table
0	Red ties hang in an unusual display and cast shadows on the wall.
1	red ties hang beside an unusual display and cast shadows on the wall.
0	A room with red high heels on the floor and red ties dangling from the ceiling.
1	a room with red high heels in the floor and red ties dangling from the ceiling.
1	red ties hang in an usual display and cast shadows on the wall.
0	A woman holding shears in one hand a tile in the other.
1	a woman holding shears at one hand a tile in the other.
0	A kitchen has a large opening over the sink.
1	a kitchen has a large opening near the sink.
0	A fully-stocked kitchen with no one in it.
1	a fully-stocked kitchen on no one in it.
0	A kitchen and dining area in a house with an open floor plan that looks out over the landscape from a large set of windows.
1	a kitchen and dining area in a house with an open floor plan that looks out at the landscape from a large set of windows.
0	A large modern kitchen has pineapples on the counter.
1	a large ancient kitchen has pineapples on the counter.
0	A group of people enjoying a day at the beach.
1	a group of people enjoying a day upon the beach.
0	a group of people sitting on the sand with a lake in the background
1	a group of people sitting upon the sand with a lake in the background
0	Adults and children gather near a dock on the beach.
1	adults and children gather upon a dock on the beach.
0	Some people are next to a pier on the sand.
1	some people are next to a pier beside the sand.
0	The bathroom has one window near the bathtub.
1	the bathroom has one window below the bathtub.
0	A man standing outside of a building next to bicycles.
1	a man standing towards of a building next to bicycles.
0	Two people stand outside of a very old building.
1	two people stand within of a very old building.
0	a man in a red jacket and a woman mannequin in a red top
1	a man at a red jacket and a woman mannequin in a red top
0	A room with a ladder, small table and bicycle and two people outside.
1	a room with a ladder, small table and bicycle and two people inside.
0	Two bikes are sitting in the sand on the beach.
1	two bikes are sitting over the sand on the beach.
0	A couple of bikes sitting on top of a beach.
1	a couple of bikes sitting upon top of a beach.
0	Two old-fashioned bicycles parked together on a beach.
1	two old-fashioned bicycles parked together over a beach.
0	A couple of bikes are parked on a beach
1	a couple of bikes are parked behind a beach
0	Two black bikes stand side by side on the beach.
1	two black bikes stand side by side behind the beach.
0	A hotel room bathroom with walk in shower
1	a hotel room bathroom with walk over shower
0	A plain white restroom toilet appointment in corner
1	a plain white restroom toilet appointment over corner
0	A large and nice white bathroom with lights under the counter.
1	a large and nice white bathroom with lights near the counter.
0	A model bathroom in an upscale house decorated in light tones.
1	a model bathroom beside an upscale house decorated in light tones.
0	A modern sink is on top of a bathroom counter top.
1	a modern sink is upon top of a bathroom counter top.
0	this bathroom has a wooden cabinet and a sink on top
1	this bathroom has a wooden cabinet and a sink with top
1	a ancient sink is on top of a bathroom counter top.
0	A toilet paper dispenser on a tiled wall next to a toilet
1	a toilet paper dispenser beside a tiled wall next to a toilet
0	A girl with a drink sitting on the toilet.
1	a girl with a drink sitting upon the toilet.
0	A girl is sitting on the toilet in a bathroom.
1	a girl is sitting in the toilet in a bathroom.
0	A woman using the restroom without pants on.
1	a woman using the restroom without pants beside.
0	this is an image of a woman on the toilet.
1	this is an image of a woman upon the toilet.
0	A lady is sitting on a toilet surrounded by bright pink walls.
1	a lady is sitting over a toilet surrounded by bright pink walls.
0	A couple of cops at a busy intersection
1	a couple of cops upon a busy intersection
0	Police officers parked in the street on motorcycles.
1	police officers parked at the street on motorcycles.
0	Two police officers on motorcycles stopped at an intersection.
1	two police officers on motorcycles stopped behind an intersection.
0	A red motorcylcle parked outside a building on the sidewalk.
1	a red motorcylcle parked outside a building with the sidewalk.
0	A motorcycle is pictured outside of a building with a man walking away from it.
1	a motorcycle is pictured towards of a building with a man walking away from it.
0	A motorcycle on the sidewalk outside of a building.
1	a motorcycle over the sidewalk outside of a building.
0	The airplane is on the runway with two young men standing by.
1	the airplane is behind the runway with two young men standing by.
0	Two young men walking down a runway toward an airplane.
0	Young men are preparing to board a small passenger plane.
1	the airplane is on the runway with two happy men standing by.
1	two happy men walking down a runway toward an airplane.
1	happy men are preparing to board a small passenger plane.
0	A plane is riding along the water in the middle of the evening.
1	a plane is riding along the water over the middle of the evening.
0	A plane with pontoons landing on a lake.
1	a plane on pontoons landing on a lake.
0	A traffic light turns green on the corner of a city street.
1	a traffic light turns green over the corner of a city street.
0	A green street light in between two buildings.
1	a green street light under between two buildings.
0	A traffic signal sitting on the corner of a street.
1	a traffic signal sitting beside the corner of a street.
0	A woman standing on the outside of an airplane.
1	a woman standing behind the outside of an airplane.
0	People are standing outside of a plane with luggage.
1	people are standing within of a plane with luggage.
0	People are loading up their luggage and themselves onto a tiny plane.
1	people are loading up their luggage and themselves onto a huge plane.
0	A person takes a selfie in a school bus mirror.
1	a person takes a selfie over a school bus mirror.
0	There are plenty of sheep walking together outside the ranch.
1	there are plenty of sheep walking together towards the ranch.
0	A group of sheep walking through a desert type area
1	a group of sheep walking within a desert type area
0	A group of sheep walking along a dirt path in a dessert area with a house in the background.
1	a group of sheep walking along a dirt path beside a dessert area with a house in the background.
0	Some animals are walking down the road on a hot day.
1	some animals are walking down the road in a hot day.
0	Street lights and a lit up street sign at an intersection.
1	street lights and a lit up street sign over an intersection.
0	Twilight at a city intersection with lit street signs.
1	twilight across a city intersection with lit street signs.
0	Two sheep standing in brambles on a grassy hillside.
1	two sheep standing in brambles upon a grassy hillside.
0	two animals standing in a field with different plants
1	two animals standing beside a field with different plants
0	Two sheep, one looking at the camera, while the other looks away are in the wilderness.
1	two sheep, one looking at the camera, while the other looks away are beside the wilderness.
0	A picture of sheep grazing on a hill side.
1	a picture of sheep grazing upon a hill side.
1	two animals standing in a field with like plants
0	A red fire hydrant sitting on a muddy green hillside.
1	a red fire hydrant sitting upon a muddy green hillside.
0	A red fire hydrant is placed in the muddy ground.
1	a red fire hydrant is placed under the muddy ground.
0	a giraffe with a man sitting in front of the girraffe
1	a giraffe with a man sitting at front of the girraffe
0	A view of a giraffe standing behind a man in an enclosure.
1	a view of a giraffe standing across a man in an enclosure.
0	Two people sit on a bench beside a giraffe.
1	two people sit behind a bench beside a giraffe.
0	A bus driving in a city area with traffic signs.
1	a bus driving under a city area with traffic signs.
0	a public transit bus on a city street
1	a public transit bus in a city street
0	A baby giraffe is lying down in an enclosed grassy area while a larger giraffe is walking around.
1	a baby giraffe is lying down at an enclosed grassy area while a larger giraffe is walking around.
0	A pair of giraffes standing around in their enclosure.
1	a pair of giraffes standing around at their enclosure.
0	An adult giraffe and a baby giraffe in an enclosed field.
1	an adult giraffe and a baby giraffe over an enclosed field.
0	Two giraffes one standing one sitting on green grass
1	two giraffes one standing one sitting beside green grass
0	A red Dodge truck is parked near another Dodge.
1	a red dodge truck is parked below another dodge.
0	A red truck parked in grass next to other trucks.
1	a red truck parked under grass next to other trucks.
0	A very old red truck that is parked on some grass.
1	a very old red truck that is parked upon some grass.
0	A red truck sitting on a grassy field next to other trucks.
1	a red truck sitting in a grassy field next to other trucks.
0	A black-and-white photo of two women sitting on horses.
1	a black-and-white photo of two women sitting beside horses.
0	Two women on horses outside of a building.
1	two women beside horses outside of a building.
0	two women are sitting on two horses
1	two women are sitting in two horses
0	A railroad crossing sign next to railroad tracks with someone walking on the tracks.
1	a railroad crossing sign next to railroad tracks with someone walking over the tracks.
0	A filtered photo of a person standing on train tracks.
1	a filtered photo of a person standing upon train tracks.
0	A close up of several birds feeding in a body of water.
1	a close up of several birds feeding beside a body of water.
0	two train engines sit back to back on a track
1	two train engines sit back to back beside a track
0	A train on a track near a field with tall grass.
1	a train on a track across a field with tall grass.
0	An old train engine and caboose are parked in the train yard.
1	an old train engine and caboose are parked at the train yard.
0	An old railroad engine at a railway yard.
1	an old railroad engine upon a railway yard.
0	Children sitting at a table with paper hats on their heads.
1	children sitting behind a table with paper hats on their heads.
0	Some kids at a birthday party having cake.
1	some kids across a birthday party having cake.
0	Two street signs, one with the street name in two languages and the other with a cartoon police officer.
1	two street signs, one with the street name over two languages and the other with a cartoon police officer.
0	Signs showing different street signs on the corner of the street.
1	signs showing different street signs in the corner of the street.
0	Advertisements in an Asian language in a city.
1	advertisements upon an asian language in a city.
1	signs showing like street signs on the corner of the street.
0	The train tracks run through 34th street, according to the sign.
1	the train tracks run around` 34th street, according to the sign.
0	There is a long stretch of empty train tracks.
1	there is a short stretch of empty train tracks.
0	Singage and street vehicles in crowded metropolitan area.
1	singage and street vehicles beside crowded metropolitan area.
0	An Ox standing in a street while a person rides by on a bike.
1	an ox standing in a street while a person rides on on a bike.
0	A large brown cow with horns standing on a sidewalk.
1	a large brown cow with horns standing over a sidewalk.
0	A bull standing in the street of a city with people riding bikes.
1	a bull standing in the street of a city on people riding bikes.
0	A large steer standing in the street
1	a large steer standing over the street
0	A man on a bike riding past a large horned animal.
1	a man in a bike riding past a large horned animal.
0	Man herding some skinny cows in a street.
1	man herding some skinny cows beside a street.
0	The old man is herding the cows in the street.
1	the old man is herding the cows beside the street.
0	A man in India herds a number of cows on the street.
1	a man at india herds a number of cows on the street.
0	A man walking in the street with a herd of cows.
1	a man walking at the street with a herd of cows.
0	The car is travelling beside the truck hauling a load of hay.
1	the car is travelling in the truck hauling a load of hay.
0	a big truck that has a bunch of cardboard on it
1	a big truck that has a bunch of cardboard with it
0	A blue and black truck sitting on top of a field.
1	a blue and black truck sitting upon top of a field.
0	A row of old cars parked on grass.
1	a row of old cars parked in grass.
0	a blue truck parked on a green field next to other vehicles.
1	a blue truck parked with a green field next to other vehicles.
0	A vintage Ford pickup truck parked on grass.
1	a vintage ford pickup truck parked upon grass.
0	Two steer lie on short grass, facing opposite directions, next to a high fence.
1	two steer lie upon short grass, facing opposite directions, next to a high fence.
0	Large horned cows sitting on grass in an enclosure
1	large horned cows sitting beside grass in an enclosure
0	Two cows laying in the grass under a tree.
1	two cows laying under the grass under a tree.
1	two steer lie on long grass, facing opposite directions, next to a high fence.
0	Shaggy cattle with horns graze on grass in a meadow.
1	shaggy cattle with horns graze on grass under a meadow.
0	A large bison standing on top of  a lush green field.
1	a large bison standing upon top of a lush green field.
0	A long haired cow in a field with others in the background.
1	a long haired cow in a field with others at the background.
1	a short haired cow in a field with others in the background.
0	Two boats with people preparing food on them.
1	two boats with people preparing food over them.
0	A couple of people in boats with food.
1	a couple of people in boats on food.
0	People in small boats deep frying food in a wok.
1	people at small boats deep frying food in a wok.
0	A man sitting at a bar next to another man near a waitress.
1	a man sitting upon a bar next to another man near a waitress.
0	Asian businessman in a restaurant with one of them being served.
1	asian businessman upon a restaurant with one of them being served.
0	three children and the girl has on a bathing suit and cap
1	three children and the girl has in a bathing suit and cap
0	Kids stand and sitting by a wall on a summer day.
1	kids stand and sitting by a wall in a summer day.
0	Three kids with one kid in swim suit other in suit and shorts and other in skirt and blouse.
1	three kids with one kid in swim suit other in suit and shorts and other under skirt and blouse.
0	A child in a bathing suit and two other children hugging outside.
1	a child at a bathing suit and two other children hugging outside.
0	Three young boys dressed in formal clothes, two are standing one is sitting
1	three young boys dressed at formal clothes, two are standing one is sitting
0	a few little boys that are sitting on a couch
1	a few little boys that are sitting over a couch
0	Group of finely dressed children paying respect in nice house
1	group of finely dressed children paying respect over nice house
1	three happy boys dressed in formal clothes, two are standing one is sitting
0	A woman smiles while sitting in a leisure area under an sun umbrella.
1	a woman smiles while sitting beside a leisure area under an sun umbrella.
0	A smiling woman perched on a chaise long under an umbrella
1	a smiling woman perched with a chaise long under an umbrella
0	A woman sitting on a chair under a umbrella.
1	a woman sitting on a chair across a umbrella.
0	A woman sitting on a chair under an umbrella.
1	a woman sitting in a chair under an umbrella.
0	A large cat sitting in a bathroom sink under a mirror.
1	a large cat sitting in a bathroom sink beside a mirror.
0	Grey and white cat sitting in a small sink.
1	grey and white cat sitting over a small sink.
0	A cat sitting in a bathroom sink next to a mirror.
1	a cat sitting upon a bathroom sink next to a mirror.
0	A cat is staring while sitting in a sink.
1	a cat is staring while sitting under a sink.
0	A person wearing a vest and tie in a yearbook photo
1	a person wearing a vest and tie at a yearbook photo
0	There is a black and white photo of a girl in school uniform
1	there is a black and white photo of a girl beside school uniform
0	A cute young lady with an old style hair cut.
0	A young girl wearing a striped tie and a sleeveless sweater.
1	a cute happy lady with an old style hair cut.
1	a happy girl wearing a striped tie and a sleeveless sweater.
0	An old picture of a bunch of kids on a small section of bleachers.
1	an old picture of a bunch of kids behind a small section of bleachers.
0	Girl looks back as she fixes flower on boy's suit
1	girl looks back as she fixes flower behind boy's suit
0	A girl pins a bouttoniere on the lapel of her date.
1	a girl pins a bouttoniere with the lapel of her date.
0	A young girl wearing a formal dress, and young man in a tie.
1	a happy girl wearing a formal dress, and young man in a tie.
0	A boat sailing on top of a body of water.
1	a boat sailing in top of a body of water.
0	A boat in the distance on a clear lake.
1	a boat over the distance on a clear lake.
0	A happy boy is waiting outside with his suitcase.
1	a happy boy is waiting towards with his suitcase.
0	A boy in a coat holding a suit case and blanket.
1	a boy upon a coat holding a suit case and blanket.
1	a angry boy is waiting outside with his suitcase.
0	Woman holding up a group of suitcases in public.
1	woman holding up a group of suitcases at public.
0	A person with many suitcases on a street.
1	a person with many suitcases upon a street.
0	A young woman is grabbing a pile of luggage.
0	a young girl with a hat moves her luggage away from a hotel
1	a happy woman is grabbing a pile of luggage.
1	a happy girl with a hat moves her luggage away from a hotel
0	The woman is walking by with an umbrella.
1	the woman is walking on with an umbrella.
0	A woman standing in front of a wall with graffiti holding an umbrella.
1	a woman standing at front of a wall with graffiti holding an umbrella.
0	a person near an open umbrella near a wall
1	a person near an open umbrella across a wall
0	A polar bear keeping cool in the water.
1	a polar bear keeping cool at the water.
0	a white polar bear swimming in the water near gray rocks
1	a white polar bear swimming in the water in gray rocks
0	A polar bear is having fun in the water.
1	a polar bear is having fun beside the water.
0	A polar bear swimming in a river.
1	a polar bear swimming beside a river.
0	A POLAR BEAR SPLASHING AROUND IN THE WATER
1	a polar bear splashing around at the water
0	A polar bear walking down the snow in the day.
1	a polar bear walking down the snow at the day.
0	Three polar bears look in the same direction as they walk.
1	three polar bears look under the same direction as they walk.
0	Three polar bears are walking through the snow.
1	three polar bears are walking outside the snow.
0	a big long line of bears in some snow
1	a big long line of bears at some snow
1	a big short line of bears in some snow
0	A black bear stands in the tall grass gazing into the distance.
1	a black bear stands over the tall grass gazing into the distance.
0	A black bear walking across a lush green field.
1	a black bear walking in a lush green field.
0	a black bear is standing in some tall grass
1	a black bear is standing under some tall grass
0	Large group of zebras and wildebeests in a zoo like environment
1	large group of zebras and wildebeests under a zoo like environment
0	A lot of zebras walking on a field.
1	a lot of zebras walking beside a field.
0	A herd of zebra standing around in a field.
1	a herd of zebra standing around at a field.
0	A lot of zebras are standing around on the grass
1	a lot of zebras are standing around over the grass
0	A zebra lies down on the dusty ground.
1	a zebra lies down upon the dusty ground.
0	A zebra is laying in the dirt outside
1	a zebra is laying under the dirt outside
0	The zebra looks up while laying on it's side.
1	the zebra looks up while laying upon it's side.
0	A single giraffe laying on the ground in the dirt.
1	a single giraffe laying in the ground in the dirt.
0	A man riding on the back of a brown horse.
1	a man riding beside the back of a brown horse.
0	two people riding horses on a rock path
1	two people riding horses upon a rock path
0	a man standing on rocks near a man riding horses on a trail in the woods
1	a man standing upon rocks near a man riding horses on a trail in the woods
0	A person standing in the stands at a baseball game
1	a person standing in the stands over a baseball game
0	A group of men sitting down at a baseball game.
1	a group of men sitting down behind a baseball game.
0	There is a baseball player at bat at a game
1	there is a baseball player at bat beside a game
0	A baseball field in which a man in a green shirt is standing up in the crowd.
1	a baseball field under which a man in a green shirt is standing up in the crowd.
0	Three skiers posing for a picture on the slope.
1	three skiers posing for a picture upon the slope.
0	Three skiers pause for a photo at the top of a mountain.
1	three skiers pause for a photo over the top of a mountain.
0	A woman and two men on skis on a snowy hillside surrounded by trees
1	a woman and two men upon skis on a snowy hillside surrounded by trees
0	Plantains on a stalk sitting on a porch on a sunny day.
1	plantains on a stalk sitting on a porch with a sunny day.
0	A bunch of ripe bananas hanging outside a home.
1	a bunch of ripe bananas hanging inside a home.
0	A couple of people on top of a snow covered ski slope.
1	a couple of people behind top of a snow covered ski slope.
0	Two skiiers sitting down by a rock in the snow.
1	two skiiers sitting down by a rock over the snow.
0	Two skiers taking a break beneath a partly cloudy sky.
1	two skiers taking a break beneath a altogether cloudy sky.
0	an image of a banana tree in the air
1	an image of a banana tree under the air
0	A plantain plant with green fruit on it.
1	a plantain plant with green fruit upon it.
0	a group of ball players playing on a field in front of an audience
1	a group of ball players playing on a field upon front of an audience
0	A baseball player is at bat as the crowd watches.
1	a baseball player is behind bat as the crowd watches.
0	A crowd watching a professional baseball game on a sunny day
1	a crowd watching a professional baseball game in a sunny day
0	two young boys run towards a baseball during a baseball game
1	two young boys run up a baseball during a baseball game
0	The boys are playing baseball in the field.
1	the boys are playing baseball upon the field.
1	two happy boys run towards a baseball during a baseball game
0	A plant with various banana like flowers on it.
1	a plant with various banana like flowers with it.
0	Flowering tree displaying native bloom on sunny day.
1	flowering tree displaying native bloom in sunny day.
0	Young man in catcher's gear playing baseball on a sunny day
1	young man at catcher's gear playing baseball on a sunny day
0	A catcher squats in full baseball catcher gear.
1	a catcher squats beside full baseball catcher gear.
1	happy man in catcher's gear playing baseball on a sunny day
0	Food items displayed such as coffee cake, a pastry and a beverage in a glass cup.
1	food items displayed such as coffee cake, a pastry and a beverage under a glass cup.
0	A series of photos of two plates with different desserts and another plate with a cup of coffee.
1	a series of photos of two plates with like desserts and another plate with a cup of coffee.
0	Large platter of cooked meat is displayed on a table.
1	large platter of cooked meat is displayed upon a table.
0	A man stands on a snowy hill with skis.
1	a man stands upon a snowy hill with skis.
0	A man standing on a mountain top wearing skis.
1	a man standing in a mountain top wearing skis.
0	a man on skis stands on a snowy hill
1	a man on skis stands over a snowy hill
0	a man is wearing yellow and blue in skis in the snow
1	a man is wearing yellow and blue over skis in the snow
0	A skier stands at the top of a snowy mountain.
1	a skier stands over the top of a snowy mountain.
0	A group of three people standing next to each other on a ski slope.
1	a group of three people standing next to each other beside a ski slope.
0	There people in snow gear standing on slope with skis.
1	there people under snow gear standing on slope with skis.
0	A group of people in ski gear at a snow filled slope.
1	a group of people at ski gear at a snow filled slope.
0	A man riding skis on a snow covered ski slope.
1	a man riding skis behind a snow covered ski slope.
0	A man on skis in the snow with some snow covered hills in the background.
1	a man on skis at the snow with some snow covered hills in the background.
0	A man is standing in the snow on skis.
1	a man is standing in the snow beside skis.
0	A man posed and ready to ski on a ski hill.
1	a man posed and ready to ski behind a ski hill.
0	Two skiers on a snowy mountain on a sunny day.
1	two skiers on a snowy mountain upon a sunny day.
0	Three men sitting on a ski lift at ski resort.
1	three men sitting upon a ski lift at ski resort.
0	Many persons are skiing on the snow covered mountains in a row.
1	many persons are skiing on the snow covered mountains over a row.
0	Man crouched down on skis on a sunny, snowy mountain
1	man crouched down with skis on a sunny, snowy mountain
0	A man skiing on a snowy slope with poles.
1	a man skiing behind a snowy slope with poles.
0	A dish with mean inside of it .
1	a dish with mean beneath of it.
0	A food entree is served in a dish with decoration.
1	a food entree is served under a dish with decoration.
0	Pieces of steak with garnish on steel plate on table
1	pieces of steak with garnish in steel plate on table
0	Seared steaks in a metal pan garnished with parsley
1	seared steaks beside a metal pan garnished with parsley
0	A bunch of kids skateboarding off of various objects in a skate park.
1	a bunch of kids skateboarding off of various objects upon a skate park.
0	A man is doing skateboard tricks near an old car.
1	a man is doing skateboard tricks across an old car.
0	Boys skateboarding over a rusty car onto platforms, with an audience watching.
1	boys skateboarding below a rusty car onto platforms, with an audience watching.
0	A group of kids doing stunts at a skating event
1	a group of kids doing stunts upon a skating event
0	A group of teens performing stunts at a skateboard park.
1	a group of teens performing stunts behind a skateboard park.
0	A young man flipping a skateboard through the air.
1	a young man flipping a skateboard up the air.
0	Two people on skateboards, one is doing tricks.
1	two people behind skateboards, one is doing tricks.
1	a happy man flipping a skateboard through the air.
0	a teenager playing in a skate park with a skateboard
1	a teenager playing at a skate park with a skateboard
0	A man flipping a skateboard off of a rail in a skate park.
1	a man flipping a skateboard off of a rail at a skate park.
0	A person that is doing a skateboarding trick in the air.
1	a person that is doing a skateboarding trick beside the air.
0	A man is jumping high on a skate board over a ramp
1	a man is jumping high on a skate board on a ramp
0	Man on skateboard mid air during a jump.
1	man over skateboard mid air during a jump.
0	A person is high in the air on a skateboard.
1	a person is high upon the air on a skateboard.
0	A hot dog and fries with several condiments are on a plate.
1	a hot dog and fries with several condiments are beside a plate.
0	A plate topped with a sandwich covered in seeds.
1	a plate topped with a sandwich covered at seeds.
0	A delicious looking sandwich on a plate with cheese and onion.
1	a delicious looking sandwich upon a plate with cheese and onion.
0	A sandwich with cheese and bacon on a white plate
1	a sandwich with cheese and bacon beside a white plate
0	Two hot dogs sitting on top of a foam container.
1	two hot dogs sitting in top of a foam container.
0	Two hotdogs with onion rings on a tray.
1	two hotdogs with onion rings over a tray.
0	Two chili dogs on a food tray with a drink.
1	two chili dogs over a food tray with a drink.
0	Two long hot dogs sit in to go containers.
1	two short hot dogs sit in to go containers.
0	Two hot dogs on buns and unpeeled corn on the cob on a plate.
1	two hot dogs on buns and unpeeled corn on the cob behind a plate.
0	Hotdog sandwiches sitting on ears of corn on a table.
1	hotdog sandwiches sitting on ears of corn upon a table.
0	There are two hotdogs on the plate underneath unshucked corn.
1	there are two hotdogs over the plate underneath unshucked corn.
0	The hotdogs are on the plate with corn on the cob.
1	the hotdogs are on the plate on corn on the cob.
0	Two women pose with a hot dog at an outdoor function
1	two women pose with a hot dog upon an outdoor function
0	Pair of young women making ironic gestures in tent area with food.
1	pair of young women making ironic gestures at tent area with food.
1	two women pose with a hot dog at an indoor function
1	pair of happy women making ironic gestures in tent area with food.
0	a woman snowboarder holds her snowboard in the snow
1	a woman snowboarder holds her snowboard upon the snow
0	A person standing on a snowy mountain with a snowboard in hand.
1	a person standing with a snowy mountain with a snowboard in hand.
0	A person holding a snow board vertical in front of them a wooded snowy area.
1	a person holding a snow board vertical upon front of them a wooded snowy area.
0	A young man is holding a snowboard in the snow.
1	a happy man is holding a snowboard in the snow.
0	A man has a pizza in on a narrow street.
1	a man has a pizza beside on a narrow street.
0	Man standing posing for the camera with a personal pizza in one hand.
1	man standing posing for the camera with a personal pizza under one hand.
0	Man makes gang signals as standing on street holding pizza.
1	man makes gang signals as standing behind street holding pizza.
1	a man has a pizza in on a dirty street.
0	The person is holding a pastry with worms in it.
1	the person is holding a pastry on worms in it.
0	a close up of a pile of doughnuts on
1	a close underneath of a pile of doughnuts on
0	a round wooden rack with some donuts on it
1	a round wooden rack on some donuts on it
0	A tray filled with lots of different flavored donuts.
1	a tray filled with lots of like flavored donuts.
0	A couple of kids sitting in front of some pizza.
1	a couple of kids sitting beside front of some pizza.
0	Someone is handing a child a slice of pizza on a paper plate.
1	someone is handing a child a slice of pizza beside a paper plate.
0	Some very cute happy looking kids with some pizza.
1	some very cute angry looking kids with some pizza.
0	Several men on a field playing soccer together.
1	several men over a field playing soccer together.
0	a group of boys playing soccer in a soccer field.
1	a group of boys playing soccer at a soccer field.
0	A trio of male soccer players on a soccer field.
1	a trio of male soccer players in a soccer field.
0	Young men playing soccer on a soccer field.
1	young men playing soccer beside a soccer field.
0	young people play soccer on a field of grass
1	happy people play soccer on a field of grass
1	happy men playing soccer on a soccer field.
0	The sandwiches, other food, and drinks are on the table.
1	the sandwiches, other food, and drinks are behind the table.
0	A half sandwich on a plate with tater tots and ketchup
1	a half sandwich beside a plate with tater tots and ketchup
0	a person riding a surf board on a wave
1	a person riding a surf board behind a wave
0	A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
1	a man riding a wave beside top of a surfboard.
0	A man on a surfboard in the crest of a wave.
1	a man on a surfboard over the crest of a wave.
0	A man riding a wave on a surfboard.
1	a man riding a wave in a surfboard.
0	The man is surfboarding underneath a large wave.
1	the man is surfboarding outside a large wave.
0	A surfer in a wetsuit with his board on the beach
1	a surfer in a wetsuit with his board over the beach
0	man at the seashore in wetsuit with surfboard
1	man behind the seashore in wetsuit with surfboard
0	A bearded man dressed in black carrying a surf board.
1	a bearded man dressed beside black carrying a surf board.
0	Person cutting cake at a theme restaurant characters in background.
1	person cutting cake at a theme restaurant characters beside background.
0	A man cuting a piece of cake while a person in costume stands behind him.
1	a man cuting a piece of cake while a person upon costume stands behind him.
0	a man is carving into a cake covered in fruit
1	a man is carving into a cake covered over fruit
0	A woman tucking a child into their bed at night.
1	a woman tucking a child into their bed behind night.
0	Woman tucking in young child in old photograph.
1	woman tucking under young child in old photograph.
1	woman tucking in happy child in old photograph.
0	Two bed-like structures in some room and one of them with a blanket on top.
1	two bed-like structures at some room and one of them with a blanket on top.
0	The person is in the water underneath a wave.
1	the person is in the water outside a wave.
0	a person surfing on very strong waves in the ocean
1	a person surfing on very strong waves under the ocean
0	An animal swimming through a rolling blue wave
1	an animal swimming within a rolling blue wave
1	a person surfing on very proud waves in the ocean
0	A bed with the covers turned down, a tall wooden headboard, and a bedside table with a lamp.
1	a bed on the covers turned down, a tall wooden headboard, and a bedside table with a lamp.
0	A bed in a room with the sheets pulled back.
1	a bed under a room with the sheets pulled back.
0	A bed with a pillow and blanket on top of it.
1	a bed with a pillow and blanket behind top of it.
0	An empty desk chair next to a laptop computer sitting on a white desk.
1	an empty desk chair next to a laptop computer sitting with a white desk.
0	A small desk with a laptop on it, next to a brown chair.
1	a small desk with a laptop upon it, next to a brown chair.
0	An usused laptop sits upon a clean desk.
1	an usused laptop sits below a clean desk.
0	A simple computer disk and chair with a laptop and mouse on it.
1	a simple computer disk and chair with a laptop and mouse over it.
0	A desk holds a laptop, mouse, modem, and a lamp and there is a brown chair in front of it.
1	a desk holds a laptop, mouse, modem, and a lamp and there is a brown chair beside front of it.
1	a hard computer disk and chair with a laptop and mouse on it.
0	Two women are playing a game of tennis on a green court.
1	two women are playing a game of tennis beside a green court.
0	Two women playing tennis on the tennis court
1	two women playing tennis in the tennis court
0	Two girls play a game of tennis on a sunny day.
1	two girls play a game of tennis over a sunny day.
0	A young boy holding a toothbrush in his mouth.
1	a young boy holding a toothbrush at his mouth.
0	A little boy holds a green, blue and yellow toothbrush in his mouth.
1	a little boy holds a green, blue and yellow toothbrush upon his mouth.
0	A little boy holds a toothbrush in the bath.
1	a little boy holds a toothbrush beside the bath.
0	A small child brushes his teeth in the bath tub.
1	a small child brushes his teeth beside the bath tub.
1	a happy boy holding a toothbrush in his mouth.
0	A child standing in a room with various paintings and a bed.
1	a child standing at a room with various paintings and a bed.
0	A child plays at a table in a living room.
1	a child plays beside a table in a living room.
0	There is a person that is standing in the living room
1	there is a person that is standing over the living room
0	A man with a beard in a vest  plays Wii.
1	a man with a beard at a vest plays wii.
0	a person standing in a room playing nintendo wii
1	a person standing under a room playing nintendo wii
0	A man and boy are standing in the middle of the living room.
1	a man and boy are standing at the middle of the living room.
0	Two young people holding Wii controllers playing a game in the living room.
1	two young people holding wii controllers playing a game beside the living room.
1	two happy people holding wii controllers playing a game in the living room.
0	Girl walking through a living room with a huge leather sectional.
1	girl walking through a living room on a huge leather sectional.
0	Woman standing behind large white leather couch in modern living area.
1	woman standing behind large white leather couch at modern living area.
1	girl walking through a living room with a tiny leather sectional.
1	woman standing behind large white leather couch in ancient living area.
0	A young man sitting with a laptop computer on his lap.
1	a young man sitting with a laptop computer beside his lap.
0	a man playing a video game as his friend looks at a laptop screen
1	a man playing a video game as his friend looks over a laptop screen
0	A guy on a laptop and a guy holding a Wii remote.
1	a guy behind a laptop and a guy holding a wii remote.
0	A man is playing a video game while his friend is on his laptop.
1	a man is playing a video game while his friend is behind his laptop.
1	a happy man sitting with a laptop computer on his lap.
0	Black computer keyboard, mouse and batteries on a blanket.
1	black computer keyboard, mouse and batteries upon a blanket.
0	A man is holding a cell phone in front of a mountain.
1	a man is holding a cell phone at front of a mountain.
0	An older man standing on top of a snow covered slope.
1	an older man standing upon top of a snow covered slope.
0	A lone kite flying in a city plaza near people.
1	a lone kite flying at a city plaza near people.
0	A street area next to buildings and people on street.
1	a street area next to buildings and people upon street.
0	A city with people walking and buildings in the background.
1	a city on people walking and buildings in the background.
0	A street lined with cones with people up and down the sidewalk.
1	a street lined on cones with people up and down the sidewalk.
0	People are walking down the sidewalk in a city.
1	people are walking down the sidewalk under a city.
0	A woman sits on a bench as people walk down a sidewalk.
1	a woman sits behind a bench as people walk down a sidewalk.
0	A woman waiting on a bench on the sidewalk as people go by.
1	a woman waiting on a bench beside the sidewalk as people go by.
0	a piece of pizza on a white plate
1	a piece of pizza over a white plate
0	A large slice of pizza on a paper plate.
1	a large slice of pizza behind a paper plate.
0	A red checkered table cloth with a slice of pizza that has cheese and other toppings on it.
1	a red checkered table cloth on a slice of pizza that has cheese and other toppings on it.
0	A slice of pizza with meat and cheese on a paper plate on a red and white checkerboard table.
1	a slice of pizza with meat and cheese on a paper plate over a red and white checkerboard table.
0	A man sitting in front of a laptop computer.
1	a man sitting over front of a laptop computer.
0	The man is watching hockey on his computer.
1	the man is watching hockey behind his computer.
0	A picture of a man watching a hockey game on a laptop.
1	a picture of a man watching a hockey game beside a laptop.
0	A man sitting in the airport watching a hockey game on his laptop.
1	a man sitting in the airport watching a hockey game behind his laptop.
0	A man watching sports on his laptop.
1	a man watching sports beside his laptop.
0	The huge stuffed bear is lying on a couch.
1	the huge stuffed bear is lying with a couch.
0	A gigantic teddy bear sprawled out on the couch.
1	a gigantic teddy bear sprawled out in the couch.
0	A giant teddy bear laid across a couch.
1	a giant teddy bear laid in a couch.
1	the tiny stuffed bear is lying on a couch.
0	Three slices of french toast with orange juice on a restaurant table
1	three slices of french toast with orange juice over a restaurant table
0	a white plate with some food on it
1	a white plate with some food over it
0	picture of food in restaurant - grilled meat on white plate with orange drink and side dish
1	picture of food in restaurant - grilled meat over white plate with orange drink and side dish
0	A meal is being displayed on a table.
1	a meal is being displayed over a table.
0	Various plates and cups in an cabinet in a room
1	various plates and cups in an cabinet over a room
0	An oven with a toaster oven sitting on top of it.
1	an oven with a toaster oven sitting in top of it.
0	A person holding a cell phone with a picture of grazing cows on it's display.
1	a person holding a cell phone with a picture of grazing cows behind it's display.
0	Someone displaying a silly image on a smartphone
1	someone displaying a silly image behind a smartphone
0	The YouTube video is shown on the mobile phone.
1	the youtube video is shown beside the mobile phone.
0	A couple of glass vases with flowers on a desk.
1	a couple of glass vases with flowers in a desk.
0	A couple of vases that are sitting on a table filled with flowers.
1	a couple of vases that are sitting beside a table filled with flowers.
0	There are two vases of pretty flowers on a table.
1	there are two vases of pretty flowers upon a table.
0	A piece of bread with wrapping around it with scissors.
1	a piece of bread with wrapping around it on scissors.
0	A pair of scissors next to a rock wrapped in paper.
1	a pair of scissors next to a rock wrapped over paper.
0	A scissors, a rock and a piece of paper displayed on a flat surface.
1	a scissors, a rock and a piece of paper displayed behind a flat surface.
0	A breakfast plate includes fried hotdogs, eggs, cheese on bread and a scoop of potato.
1	a breakfast plate includes fried hotdogs, eggs, cheese beside bread and a scoop of potato.
0	An up close picture of some food on a table.
1	an up close picture of some food beside a table.
0	A plate with breakfast food on it, including eggs sausage, bread and other items.
1	a plate with breakfast food with it, including eggs sausage, bread and other items.
0	A group of people that are sitting at a table talking.
1	a group of people that are sitting upon a table talking.
0	People sitting down in the restaurant eating meals
1	people sitting down at the restaurant eating meals
0	The man grins in a restaurant holding a glass of wine.
1	the man grins beside a restaurant holding a glass of wine.
0	a man sitting at a table holding a glass of wine
1	a man sitting across a table holding a glass of wine
0	a lady sitting on a concrete picnic table
1	a lady sitting beside a concrete picnic table
0	Back view of girl sitting at a picnic bench reading.
1	back view of girl sitting over a picnic bench reading.
0	Woman sitting on bench reading in large open space.
1	woman sitting on bench reading at large open space.
0	A sexy young woman sitting at a bench with a paper.
1	a sexy happy woman sitting at a bench with a paper.
0	The man is walking down the street with no shirt on.
1	the man is walking down the street with no shirt upon.
0	a shirtless man skating down a somewhat busy road at night
1	a shirtless man skating down a somewhat busy road across night
0	A person on a skateboard on a city street.
1	a person with a skateboard on a city street.
0	A man with no shirt on a skateboard.
1	a man with no shirt beside a skateboard.
0	A man standing in the street with a umbrella.
1	a man standing beside the street with a umbrella.
0	A man in a black jacket holding a zebra print umbrella.
1	a man upon a black jacket holding a zebra print umbrella.
0	A man on sidewalk holding a zebra strip umbrella.
1	a man beside sidewalk holding a zebra strip umbrella.
0	The man is walking with an umbrella near other pedestrians.
1	the man is walking with an umbrella across other pedestrians.
0	A bike parked on a sidewalk near a street.
1	a bike parked on a sidewalk across a street.
0	a  bike on the street being parked at night
1	a bike on the street being parked upon night
0	A bike standing on a sidewalk next to a road at sunset.
1	a bike standing behind a sidewalk next to a road at sunset.
0	A bike in the road with its shadow on the ground
1	a bike beside the road with its shadow on the ground
0	A bath and a toilet in a small room.
1	a bath and a toilet at a small room.
0	this bathroom has pink tiles in the shower and is painted blue
1	this bathroom has pink tiles upon the shower and is painted blue
0	A toilet and shower curtain in a bathroom
1	a toilet and shower curtain upon a bathroom
0	A row of three wall mounted urinals in a bathroom.
1	a row of three wall mounted urinals under a bathroom.
0	THERE ARE THREE URINALS IN THE BATHROOM STALL
1	there are three urinals over the bathroom stall
0	Blurry photograph of a modern public restroom with urinals
0	Three urinals with modern wavy dividers between them.
1	blurry photograph of a ancient public restroom with urinals
1	three urinals with ancient wavy dividers between them.
0	Three pictures are framed above a toilet in the bathroom.
1	three pictures are framed above a toilet over the bathroom.
0	Picture of a bathroom with three paintings over the toilet.
1	picture of a bathroom on three paintings over the toilet.
0	In a bathroom, three scenic photos, framed in black, are hung above the toilet.
1	in a bathroom, three scenic photos, framed at black, are hung above the toilet.
0	I clock on a bridge that goes over a city street.
1	i clock behind a bridge that goes over a city street.
0	A pile of toilet paper sitting on top of a toilet.
1	a pile of toilet paper sitting over top of a toilet.
0	Three packs of bath tissue stacked on a toilet.
1	three packs of bath tissue stacked in a toilet.
0	Several stacks of bath tissue stacked on top of a toilet.
1	several stacks of bath tissue stacked in top of a toilet.
0	Three packages of toilet paper sitting on top of a toilet seat.
1	three packages of toilet paper sitting upon top of a toilet seat.
0	Artistic toilet piece sitting in the center of a museum gallery.
1	artistic toilet piece sitting under the center of a museum gallery.
0	A toilet seat turned into a piece of artwork at a art room.
1	a toilet seat turned into a piece of artwork beside a art room.
0	A modern art piece on display in a museum.
1	a modern art piece in display in a museum.
0	A small toilet bowl on display in the center of a room
1	a small toilet bowl upon display in the center of a room
1	a ancient art piece on display in a museum.
0	The bathroom is neatly decorated in a retro style.
1	the bathroom is neatly decorated at a retro style.
0	A white sink and toilet in a room.
1	a white sink and toilet under a room.
0	A clean bathroom with two towels on a towel rack.
1	a clean bathroom with two towels in a towel rack.
0	bathroom with a toilet with the lid up
1	bathroom on a toilet with the lid up
0	A large clock on the side of a building has biblical pictures.
1	a large clock upon the side of a building has biblical pictures.
0	A clock on a building with people painted around it.
1	a clock in a building with people painted around it.
0	a clock with religious icons painted on a wall
1	a clock with religious icons painted beside a wall
0	A clock with Latin writing and paintings on it.
1	a clock with latin writing and paintings over it.
0	A bathroom is decorated in bright blue marble designs.
1	a bathroom is decorated at bright blue marble designs.
0	A colorful bathroom with four sinks in front of a large mirror.
1	a colorful bathroom on four sinks in front of a large mirror.
0	apples in buckets ready to be sold and other fruit
1	apples over buckets ready to be sold and other fruit
0	Two cats sitting on a  sill looking out the window
1	two cats sitting behind a sill looking out the window
0	two cats in a home office looking out of a window
1	two cats over a home office looking out of a window
0	a couple of motorcycles are parked outside of a building
1	a couple of motorcycles are parked inside of a building
0	A row of motorcycles parked under a large stained glass window.
1	a row of motorcycles parked behind a large stained glass window.
0	a man standing talking on his phone in front of a building
1	a man standing talking behind his phone in front of a building
0	A black and white cat sitting on the side of a computer monitor.
1	a black and white cat sitting upon the side of a computer monitor.
0	A black and white cat is sitting behind a speaker.
1	a black and white cat is sitting in a speaker.
0	A living room with a view and bedroom in the background.
1	a living room with a view and bedroom upon the background.
0	A living room with furniture with a look into the bedroom.
1	a living room with furniture on a look into the bedroom.
0	Nice looking front room with brown furniture to decorate it with.
1	nice looking front room with brown furniture to decorate it on.
0	A jet is flying through the air leaving smoke behind it.
1	a jet is flying through the air leaving smoke in it.
0	A JET IN THE AIR IS HAS A LOT OF DARK SMOKE COMING FROM IT
1	a jet at the air is has a lot of dark smoke coming from it
0	An jet plane with smoke coming off the ends of both wings flying through the sky.
1	an jet plane with smoke coming off the ends of both wings flying outside the sky.
0	a jet flying in the sky with smoke
1	a jet flying beside the sky with smoke
0	Two airplanes release smoke while flying near each other.
1	two airplanes release smoke while flying below each other.
0	two red and black airplanes doing a trick in the sky
1	two red and black airplanes doing a trick at the sky
0	two planes ride toward each other as smoke trails behind them
1	two planes ride toward each other as smoke trails in them
0	two old aircrafts flying towards one another in the sky
1	two old aircrafts flying towards one another under the sky
0	The giraffe is standing in the shade of the tree.
1	the giraffe is standing at the shade of the tree.
0	A giraffe stares into the camera while standing on green grass in front of a shade tree.
1	a giraffe stares into the camera while standing upon green grass in front of a shade tree.
0	A giraffe stands underneath a tree on grass.
1	a giraffe stands underneath a tree over grass.
0	A giraffe stands under a tree in a grassy place.
1	a giraffe stands under a tree under a grassy place.
0	A couple of giraffe standing on top of a field near a rock mountain.
1	a couple of giraffe standing on top of a field over a rock mountain.
0	Two giraffes are standing in a field with heads down.
1	two giraffes are standing beside a field with heads down.
0	These giraffes are standing together on a dirt path
1	these giraffes are standing together with a dirt path
0	Two giraffe standing on grass near a rocky wall.
1	two giraffe standing on grass over a rocky wall.
0	A giraffe looking at something in some bush.
1	a giraffe looking over something in some bush.
0	A tall giraffe stands in the green shrubs.
1	a tall giraffe stands over the green shrubs.
0	a tall giraffe in tall green grass
1	a tall giraffe at tall green grass
0	A plane with water skies for landing gear coming in for a landing at a lake.
1	a plane with water skies for landing gear coming in for a landing over a lake.
0	A small airplane in the sky and another in the water.
1	a small airplane under the sky and another in the water.
0	A plane flying through a sky above a lake.
1	a plane flying around` a sky above a lake.
0	a red and white plane is flying over some water
1	a red and white plane is flying below some water
0	A cat sitting on the back of a bench while looking upward.
1	a cat sitting over the back of a bench while looking upward.
0	A cat standing on top of a wooden bench.
1	a cat standing over top of a wooden bench.
0	An orange cat sitting on top of a bench.
1	an orange cat sitting upon top of a bench.
0	A orange and white cat stands on a bench.
1	a orange and white cat stands with a bench.
1	a cat sitting on the back of a bench while looking downward.
0	A street traffic signal posed on the side of a snowy road.
1	a street traffic signal posed beside the side of a snowy road.
0	Four smaller dogs are running away from the women on the bench.
1	four smaller dogs are running away from the women beside the bench.
0	A group of dogs running across a lush green field.
1	a group of dogs running in a lush green field.
0	a number of dogs running in a field with people on a bench
1	a number of dogs running in a field with people beside a bench
0	A bunch of dogs running around in a field
1	a bunch of dogs running around at a field
0	A book sitting next to a cup of coffee on a bench.
1	a book sitting next to a cup of coffee behind a bench.
0	a bench with a piece of paper and a coffee cup on it
1	a bench with a piece of paper and a coffee cup in it
0	A notebook and a Dunkin Doughnuts cup are sitting on a bench.
1	a notebook and a dunkin doughnuts cup are sitting upon a bench.
0	A green bus is parked near a city curb.
1	a green bus is parked upon a city curb.
0	Metropolitan green and white bus on roadway on sunny day.
1	metropolitan green and white bus beside roadway on sunny day.
0	The public bus is proud to be an environmental one.
1	the public bus is strong to be an environmental one.
0	landscape of a bench overlooking a body of water and mountains in winter
1	landscape of a bench overlooking a body of water and mountains at winter
0	A pair of children sit on a giraffe while other children stand nearby.
1	a pair of children sit over a giraffe while other children stand nearby.
0	Two children are playing on the back of the giraffe statue.
1	two children are playing beside the back of the giraffe statue.
0	Children playing on and around a giraffe sculpture.
1	children playing beside and around a giraffe sculpture.
0	Children sitting on the back of a giraffe statue with other kids nearby.
1	children sitting behind the back of a giraffe statue with other kids nearby.
0	children in a park two are sitting on a play giraffe
1	children at a park two are sitting on a play giraffe
0	A bunch of street lights in a town hanging from ropes
1	a bunch of street lights under a town hanging from ropes
0	Traffic lights are hanging over a city street.
1	traffic lights are hanging upon a city street.
0	A line with stop lights strung on it over a road
1	a line with stop lights strung beside it over a road
0	A fire hydrant is sitting on a sidewalk.
1	a fire hydrant is sitting over a sidewalk.
0	This fire hydrant is predominately silver in color, a cross walk can be seen in the background.
1	this fire hydrant is predominately silver in color, a cross walk can be seen beside the background.
0	A tent in a forest next to a silver and brown RV.
1	a tent under a forest next to a silver and brown rv.
0	a camp site and a trailer on the road
1	a camp site and a trailer behind the road
0	The green and yellow fire hydrant is on a residential sidewalk.
1	the green and yellow fire hydrant is in a residential sidewalk.
0	a close up of a green and white fire hyrdrant next to a side walk with trees
1	a close atop of a green and white fire hyrdrant next to a side walk with trees
0	A large bus on the side of a street.
1	a large bus beside the side of a street.
0	Blue, white, and green passenger bus parked at a stop.
1	blue, white, and green passenger bus parked across a stop.
0	a city bus parked on the side of the road
1	a city bus parked behind the side of the road
0	There are some cars and trucks parked at a bus depot
1	there are some cars and trucks parked behind a bus depot
0	A blue and white bus parked in front of an azure building.
1	a blue and white bus parked at front of an azure building.
0	A blue and white bus next to various cars on the street.
1	a blue and white bus next to various cars over the street.
0	an image of a woman smiling at the camera and behind her is a giraffe
1	an image of a woman smiling across the camera and behind her is a giraffe
0	A woman is posing in front of a giraffe.
1	a woman is posing under front of a giraffe.
0	There is a woman posing in front of two giraffes.
1	there is a woman posing upon front of two giraffes.
0	A smiling woman is in the foreground as a captive giraffe peers over the fence in the background.
1	a smiling woman is in the foreground as a captive giraffe peers at the fence in the background.
0	A clock is shown on a wood panel.
1	a clock is shown upon a wood panel.
0	A wooden clock on the side of a building.
1	a wooden clock over the side of a building.
0	a clock with a painting of a bird on a branch on it
1	a clock with a painting of a bird on a branch behind it
0	A square wood clock with a picture of a bird hanging on a wall.
1	a square wood clock with a picture of a bird hanging upon a wall.
0	A wooden clock with a design with a bird on a branch.
1	a wooden clock with a design on a bird on a branch.
0	An old sign for a pizza shop sits on the sidewalk.
1	an old sign for a pizza shop sits upon the sidewalk.
0	The old pizza sign sits on the ground.
1	the old pizza sign sits with the ground.
0	A sign for a pizza place rests on the ground.
1	a sign for a pizza place rests in the ground.
0	A man riding a brown horse in uniform next to tall green trees.
1	a man riding a brown horse over uniform next to tall green trees.
0	A man in uniform riding a horse by a fence
1	a man in uniform riding a horse on a fence
0	an image of a man on top of a horse
1	an image of a man in top of a horse
0	A man in uniform rides a horse down the street.
1	a man over uniform rides a horse down the street.
0	Person in red peacoat and hat riding a horse.
1	person over red peacoat and hat riding a horse.
0	The encompassing of an outside town in the picture.
1	the encompassing of an outside town under the picture.
0	A herd of sheep on the road and a car
1	a herd of sheep upon the road and a car
0	Herd of sheep standing on roadway in rural area.
1	herd of sheep standing behind roadway in rural area.
1	herd of sheep standing on roadway in urban area.
0	a person in a gorilla costume and suit jacket with a number pinned to their suit jacket.
1	a person at a gorilla costume and suit jacket with a number pinned to their suit jacket.
0	A black sign that is standing in the grass.
1	a black sign that is standing upon the grass.
0	A red metro train winding through a snow covered hillside.
1	a red metro train winding outside a snow covered hillside.
0	A train going down the railroad tracks in the middle of snow.
1	a train going down the railroad tracks under the middle of snow.
0	A highway at dusk with cars traveling between cities.
1	a highway across dusk with cars traveling between cities.
0	There is a sign for an exit on a highway.
1	there is a sign for an exit beside a highway.
0	A train sits inside a train station, people stand on the platform.
1	a train sits inside a train station, people stand beside the platform.
0	A green train engine with a face on it.
1	a green train engine with a face over it.
0	a person working on a train on a train track
1	a person working on a train over a train track
0	Street signs are on a pole near a tall building.
1	street signs are upon a pole near a tall building.
0	Street signs are on a pole next to buildings.
1	street signs are over a pole next to buildings.
0	Few people walking along next to trains on the tracks
1	few people walking along next to trains over the tracks
0	Cable cars are on tracks as a snowy mountain stands in the distance.
1	cable cars are on tracks as a snowy mountain stands over the distance.
0	A short train traveling through a mountainous landscape
1	a short train traveling within a mountainous landscape
0	A train sits on the tracks in front of a mountain range.
1	a train sits beside the tracks in front of a mountain range.
1	a long train traveling through a mountainous landscape
0	A train car that has some graffiti on it.
1	a train car that has some graffiti in it.
0	some train cars with graffiti painted on them
1	some train cars with graffiti painted upon them
0	Spray painted boxcars are parked in a mostly empty train yard.
1	spray painted boxcars are parked at a mostly empty train yard.
0	a train car with some graffit all over the side of it
1	a train car with some graffit all at the side of it
0	A parking meter sitting on a sidewalk next to a parked red car.
1	a parking meter sitting in a sidewalk next to a parked red car.
0	A solar power parking meter on a city street
1	a solar power parking meter beside a city street
0	A solar powered parking kiosk on a brick sidewalk near the street
1	a solar powered parking kiosk beside a brick sidewalk near the street
0	A solar-powered parking meter sits on the sidewalk on a sunny day.
1	a solar-powered parking meter sits upon the sidewalk on a sunny day.
0	A row of parking meters shown in a deserted parking lot with surrounding palm trees
1	a row of parking meters shown upon a deserted parking lot with surrounding palm trees
0	a cat laying in a box next to an open suitcase
1	a cat laying under a box next to an open suitcase
0	Cat lying on desk near a chair top.
1	cat lying on desk across a chair top.
0	a cat lying on the chair with its eyes wide open
1	a cat lying beside the chair with its eyes wide open
0	Adult cat laying in a box on a table
1	adult cat laying upon a box on a table
0	a cat that is laying down in a box
1	a cat that is laying down at a box
0	Brown and black cows in a grassy field by trees.
1	brown and black cows upon a grassy field by trees.
0	two cows standing together in the long grass
1	two cows standing together over the long grass
0	Brown and black cow standing next to each other in tall grass.
1	brown and black cow standing next to each other beside tall grass.
0	A black and a brown cow standing in the ground.
1	a black and a brown cow standing at the ground.
0	Cattle are standing in the pasture among the grass.
1	cattle are standing under the pasture among the grass.
1	two cows standing together in the short grass
0	A bus with passengers who are getting out of bus with their luggage at their destination.
1	a bus with passengers who are getting out of bus on their luggage at their destination.
0	Pedestrians walking by and waiting at a food truck parked on the side of a street.
1	pedestrians walking by and waiting behind a food truck parked on the side of a street.
0	The people stop for food at the lunch truck.
1	the people stop for food across the lunch truck.
0	A group of people on a street next to a food truck.
1	a group of people with a street next to a food truck.
0	The two men are outside with coats and umbrellas.
1	the two men are inside with coats and umbrellas.
0	Two men are standing with umbrellas within a group of white chairs.
1	two men are standing on umbrellas within a group of white chairs.
0	two men standing outside under a bridge in the cold
1	two men standing outside under a bridge at the cold
0	Two men in black coats stand next to white chairs.
1	two men at black coats stand next to white chairs.
0	Several boats in the water near an amusement park.
1	several boats beside the water near an amusement park.
0	There are a lot of boats on the lake shore.
1	there are a lot of boats in the lake shore.
0	Four boats are in the water outside of the carnival.
1	four boats are beside the water outside of the carnival.
0	Boats float in the water across from an amusement park.
1	boats float under the water across from an amusement park.
0	there are many boats in the water by this carnival
1	there are many boats at the water by this carnival
0	Two elephants touching trunks in a grassy field.
1	two elephants touching trunks beside a grassy field.
0	Two young elephants bumping trunks on a grassland.
1	two young elephants bumping trunks in a grassland.
0	Two elephants playing on a grassy plain in the sunlight.
1	two elephants playing upon a grassy plain in the sunlight.
0	A pair of young male elephants tussle in the open grassland.
1	a pair of happy male elephants tussle in the open grassland.
1	two happy elephants bumping trunks on a grassland.
0	Many small boats in the water in a harbor.
1	many small boats over the water in a harbor.
0	A harbor full of boats with a building in the background.
1	a harbor full of boats with a building at the background.
0	many small boats in a body of water near a building
1	many small boats under a body of water near a building
0	A river filled with lots of different colored boats.
1	a river filled with lots of like colored boats.
0	A lady in a black and orange Halloween costume.
1	a lady at a black and orange halloween costume.
0	A woman in a Halloween costume takes a stroll.
1	a woman beside a halloween costume takes a stroll.
0	Halloween costume on woman with orange hair wearing orange
1	halloween costume in woman with orange hair wearing orange
0	A person that is in the air over the water.
1	a person that is under the air over the water.
0	Jet water pack in a marina with highrises in view.
1	jet water pack in a marina with highrises under view.
0	a man jet skiis across the water in a city
1	a man jet skiis over the water in a city
0	A man flying over the water, with a jet pack.
1	a man flying upon the water, with a jet pack.
0	A small gray elephant standing on a beach next to a lake.
1	a small gray elephant standing behind a beach next to a lake.
0	a man in a hat rides an elephant in a river
1	a man in a hat rides an elephant under a river
0	A man sitting on a large elephant that is standing in water.
1	a man sitting on a large elephant that is standing over water.
0	A man rides an elephant that has a chain wrapped around his foot in a water way.
1	a man rides an elephant that has a chain wrapped around his foot at a water way.
0	A little girl is in store with an umbrella.
1	a little girl is over store with an umbrella.
0	A young girl standing in a store selling handbags, holding an open umbrella.
0	A young girl who is holding an umbrella.
1	a happy girl standing in a store selling handbags, holding an open umbrella.
1	a happy girl who is holding an umbrella.
0	People are walking with two children in a red wagon.
1	people are walking with two children beside a red wagon.
0	A family on an outing, pulling kids in a wagon.
1	a family on an outing, pulling kids under a wagon.
0	Heavy rain falls on a man holding a black umbrella.
1	heavy rain falls upon a man holding a black umbrella.
0	People walking in the rain with open umbrellas in heavy rain.
1	people walking upon the rain with open umbrellas in heavy rain.
0	A man is walking holding an umbrella in the snow
1	a man is walking holding an umbrella upon the snow
0	A person is holding an umbrella in a snowstorm.
1	a person is holding an umbrella upon a snowstorm.
0	a man walking with an umbrella on a very rainy day
1	a man walking with an umbrella in a very rainy day
0	A woman standing by a street with a broken umbrella.
1	a woman standing by a street on a broken umbrella.
0	A woman in a red coat can be seen in the background talking on a phone.
1	a woman upon a red coat can be seen in the background talking on a phone.
0	The people are walking near an area with a green fence.
1	the people are walking below an area with a green fence.
0	there is a polar bear playing with a water bottle in the water
1	there is a polar bear playing with a water bottle at the water
0	Bear in water staring at plastic bottle with sunlight shining on bear and bottle
1	bear under water staring at plastic bottle with sunlight shining on bear and bottle
0	A man leaning against his luggage at a terminal.
1	a man leaning against his luggage beside a terminal.
0	A man standing with suitcases of different colors.
1	a man standing with suitcases of like colors.
0	A man in glasses sitting next to a woman and holding up a red frisbee that says "Cheese Shop" on it.
1	a man in glasses sitting next to a woman and holding up a red frisbee that says "cheese shop" in it.
0	A shot shows pale blue wall over a well-stuffed blue couch that dwarfs the already small, fluffy dog resting face-forward on one of its cushions.
1	a shot shows pale blue wall over a well-stuffed blue couch that dwarfs the already small, fluffy dog resting face-forward in one of its cushions.
0	A small adorable dog sitting on a sofa cushion.
1	a small adorable dog sitting in a sofa cushion.
0	a white dog is sitting on a couch
1	a white dog is sitting upon a couch
0	people standing on the beach while one grabs for a frisbee
1	people standing behind the beach while one grabs for a frisbee
0	Several people at the beach playing with a frisbee.
1	several people beside the beach playing with a frisbee.
0	three men on a beach playing a game of frisbee
1	three men beside a beach playing a game of frisbee
0	three bears outside in the woods in the bushes
1	three bears outside in the woods over the bushes
0	Three bears walking together in a wooded area.
1	three bears walking together over a wooded area.
0	Two baby brow bears are close behind a larger bear in a wooded forest.
1	two baby brow bears are close in a larger bear in a wooded forest.
0	A bear and two cubs are walking through a field.
1	a bear and two cubs are walking around` a field.
0	An adult bear and two bear cubs wander through a field.
1	an adult bear and two bear cubs wander around` a field.
0	Zebras eating hay at a fenced wildlife habitat.
1	zebras eating hay across a fenced wildlife habitat.
0	Two zebras walking in between rocks at a zoo.
1	two zebras walking under between rocks at a zoo.
0	Pair of zebras walking past rocks in zoo enclosure.
1	pair of zebras walking past rocks at zoo enclosure.
0	Two zebras that are standing in the grass.
1	two zebras that are standing upon the grass.
0	A zebra eating in the middle of an enclosure.
1	a zebra eating beside the middle of an enclosure.
0	Two zebras are in a pen eating grass.
1	two zebras are beside a pen eating grass.
0	Zebra in a cage at a zoo next to lots of trees.
1	zebra over a cage at a zoo next to lots of trees.
0	Three zebras grazing in a grassy field next to shadow.
1	three zebras grazing upon a grassy field next to shadow.
0	Three zebras at the zoo eating hay off the ground.
1	three zebras over the zoo eating hay off the ground.
0	Two adults and one young zebra eating grass side by side.
1	two adults and one happy zebra eating grass side by side.
0	A zebra in front of a group of large rocks standing next to a tree.
1	a zebra upon front of a group of large rocks standing next to a tree.
0	A zebra stands under a tree at the zoo.
1	a zebra stands near a tree at the zoo.
0	A zebra standing beside a tree at the zoo.
1	a zebra standing upon a tree at the zoo.
0	A lone zebra is eating grass in a field.
1	a lone zebra is eating grass upon a field.
0	A zebra eats grass in a tree filled field.
1	a zebra eats grass at a tree filled field.
0	A horse with blinder and a colorful harness in the woods
1	a horse with blinder and a colorful harness upon the woods
0	A brown horse walking through a leaf covered forest.
1	a brown horse walking up a leaf covered forest.
0	A horse that is in the dirt by trees.
1	a horse that is under the dirt by trees.
0	A bridled mule stands in front of trees and leaves.
1	a bridled mule stands beside front of trees and leaves.
0	Horse with blinders on walking through wooded area
1	horse with blinders in walking through wooded area
0	A group of men on a field playing baseball.
1	a group of men over a field playing baseball.
0	A young man holding a baseball bat at home plate, the ball passing him.
1	a happy man holding a baseball bat at home plate, the ball passing him.
0	Ants that are in selling oranges on a table.
1	ants that are in selling oranges behind a table.
0	Four oranges stuffed with chocolate ice cream sitting in a pan.
1	four oranges stuffed on chocolate ice cream sitting in a pan.
0	A fruit with chocolate stuffed inside of it
1	a fruit with chocolate stuffed around` of it
0	a close up of oranges ith something stuffed inside them
1	a close up of oranges ith something stuffed beneath them
0	A person holding an orange in front of a decorated tree.
1	a person holding an orange beside front of a decorated tree.
0	an orange is held in front of a christmas tree
1	an orange is held under front of a christmas tree
0	an image of a variety of vegetables on a table
1	an image of a variety of vegetables upon a table
0	A bunch of various vegetables spread out on a snowflake table cloth.
1	a bunch of various vegetables spread out upon a snowflake table cloth.
0	Fresh fruits and vegetables sit on a table.
1	fresh fruits and vegetables sit beside a table.
0	A counter topo filled with different types of vegetables.
1	a counter topo filled with like types of vegetables.
0	A price sign for broccoli is in front of some radishes.
1	a price sign for broccoli is at front of some radishes.
0	A sign describing broccoli for sale at a market
1	a sign describing broccoli for sale beside a market
0	a bunch of veggies are on display together
1	a bunch of veggies are over display together
0	A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
1	a man flying around` the air while riding a skateboard.
0	A skateboarder performing a trick on a stairwell.
1	a skateboarder performing a trick over a stairwell.
0	a man is flying over some steps on a skateboard
1	a man is flying over some steps upon a skateboard
0	The boy is skateboarding down the long  steps
1	the boy is skateboarding down the short steps
0	A man is standing with a skateboard in his hand.
1	a man is standing with a skateboard beside his hand.
0	A man standing on the street holding  a skateboard
1	a man standing behind the street holding a skateboard
0	A man with a hat on backwards stands with a skateboard.
1	a man with a hat in backwards stands with a skateboard.
0	A man is standing outside with his skateboard.
1	a man is standing inside with his skateboard.
0	A man is high in the air as he skateboards on the ramp.
1	a man is high in the air as he skateboards over the ramp.
0	A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
1	a man flying up the air while riding a skateboard.
0	A person being photographed while on a skateboard.
1	a person being photographed while in a skateboard.
0	A pile of broccoli and carrots sitting on a  wooden table.
1	a pile of broccoli and carrots sitting over a wooden table.
0	A bunch of different vegetables on a white cloth.
1	a bunch of different vegetables beside a white cloth.
0	Vegetables and greens laid out on a cloth.
1	vegetables and greens laid out over a cloth.
0	Green leafy vegetables and carrots laying on a bag.
1	green leafy vegetables and carrots laying beside a bag.
1	a bunch of like vegetables on a white cloth.
0	Young skateboarder displaying aerial skills with young girl looking on.
1	young skateboarder displaying aerial skills on young girl looking on.
0	a skateboarder catches a lot of air in front of a girl
1	a skateboarder catches a lot of air under front of a girl
0	A kid that is jumping in the air on a skateboard.
1	a kid that is jumping in the air over a skateboard.
0	a couple skateboarders doing trips at a skateboard park
1	a couple skateboarders doing trips beside a skateboard park
1	happy skateboarder displaying aerial skills with young girl looking on.
0	A photo of a dog dog covered in cheese noodles.
1	a photo of a dog dog covered beside cheese noodles.
0	Two hot dogs with different toppings on a tray with French fries.
1	two hot dogs with different toppings upon a tray with french fries.
0	Food items displayed on red trays on table.
1	food items displayed in red trays on table.
0	A hot dog that has some cheese on top of it.
1	a hot dog that has some cheese with top of it.
1	two hot dogs with like toppings on a tray with french fries.
0	A man is carrying a surfboard towards the water.
1	a man is carrying a surfboard beneath the water.
0	A man holding a surf board on a beach.
1	a man holding a surf board in a beach.
0	A man laughing while holding a surfboard on the beach.
1	a man laughing while holding a surfboard behind the beach.
0	A surfer holding a surf board on the beach.
1	a surfer holding a surf board with the beach.
0	A group of four surfboards laying on top of a beach.
1	a group of four surfboards laying in top of a beach.
0	A group of very colorful surf boards in the sand.
1	a group of very colorful surf boards at the sand.
0	Four colorful surfboards laying on a sandy beach.
1	four colorful surfboards laying with a sandy beach.
0	Surfboard laying on sandy beach on a cloudy day.
1	surfboard laying upon sandy beach on a cloudy day.
0	Surfboards drying on the beach in the afternoon sun
1	surfboards drying on the beach under the afternoon sun
0	A person on a surfboard on rapids in a river.
1	a person in a surfboard on rapids in a river.
0	A man surfs down a small wave in the water.
1	a man surfs down a small wave over the water.
0	A surfer standing on a board in a river.
1	a surfer standing in a board in a river.
0	On the table is a three tiered wedding cake, wine goblets, and some roses.
1	over the table is a three tiered wedding cake, wine goblets, and some roses.
0	A woman carrying a birthday cake with lit candles on it
1	a woman carrying a birthday cake with lit candles over it
0	A cake with frosting sitting on a pedestal.
1	a cake with frosting sitting behind a pedestal.
0	A cake is kept on a stand and some fruits in a bowl.
1	a cake is kept on a stand and some fruits over a bowl.
0	A white cake sitting on top of a green cake plate.
1	a white cake sitting upon top of a green cake plate.
0	Surfers with paddles riding waves in open ocean.
1	surfers with paddles riding waves upon open ocean.
0	A person on a surfboard in the water.
1	a person on a surfboard at the water.
0	Four candles have been lit on this birthday cake.
1	four candles have been lit behind this birthday cake.
0	a cake with lit candles sitting on a kitchen table
1	a cake with lit candles sitting in a kitchen table
0	A cake with lit candles on top of it.
1	a cake with lit candles behind top of it.
0	A bed with lots of pillows next to a table with a lamp.
1	a bed with lots of pillows next to a table on a lamp.
0	A man holding a surfboard walking on a beach next to the ocean.
1	a man holding a surfboard walking beside a beach next to the ocean.
0	A surfer walking on a beach holding a surfboard.
1	a surfer walking beside a beach holding a surfboard.
0	A man walking on the beach carrying a surfboard.
1	a man walking over the beach carrying a surfboard.
0	A pizza and grapes sit on a tray next to a drink.
1	a pizza and grapes sit upon a tray next to a drink.
0	a pizza sliced up on a paper plate next so some grapes
1	a pizza sliced up beside a paper plate next so some grapes
0	A personal pizza, grapes, and a beverage sit on a tray table.
1	a personal pizza, grapes, and a beverage sit behind a tray table.
0	A pretty young lady sitting on top of a red couch.
1	a pretty young lady sitting upon top of a red couch.
0	A woman is on a couch reading a book.
1	a woman is with a couch reading a book.
0	A woman sitting on a couch reading a book.
1	a woman sitting over a couch reading a book.
0	A woman sitting on a couch with the television on.
1	a woman sitting on a couch on the television on.
1	a pretty happy lady sitting on top of a red couch.
0	A couch and a chair in a room.
1	a couch and a chair over a room.
0	a room with a bed and a couch in it
1	a room with a bed and a couch over it
0	Two men playing with the Nintendo Wii in a living room.
1	two men playing with the nintendo wii upon a living room.
0	Two men in a living room playing games
1	two men upon a living room playing games
0	tree are two men in a living room playing a video game
1	tree are two men at a living room playing a video game
0	Two men in a living room play there wii .
1	two men under a living room play there wii.
0	A man standing with his eyes closed holding on to a Wii remote.
1	a man standing with his eyes closed holding over to a wii remote.
0	A man holding a controller posing for a picture in a living room.
1	a man holding a controller posing for a picture upon a living room.
0	A man holding a video game remote in his hand
1	a man holding a video game remote at his hand
0	The boy and girl are playing a game on the wii.
1	the boy and girl are playing a game over the wii.
0	A young man smiling while looking at a young person displaying an obscene gesture with her fingers.
1	a young man smiling while looking behind a young person displaying an obscene gesture with her fingers.
0	Two boys play the Nintendo Wii in a house.
1	two boys play the nintendo wii upon a house.
0	A young woman flipping the finger next to a young man.
0	A young man smiles as a young woman sticks up her middle finger.
1	a happy woman flipping the finger next to a young man.
1	a happy man smiles as a young woman sticks up her middle finger.
1	a happy man smiling while looking at a young person displaying an obscene gesture with her fingers.
0	LOTS OF PEOPLE OUT FLYING KITES WHILE OTHERS LOOK ON
1	lots of people out flying kites while others look behind
0	People kite flying in a park on a sunny day
1	people kite flying under a park on a sunny day
0	landscape of a park with many people flying kites in the air
1	landscape of a park with many people flying kites under the air
0	a person kneeling on sand with a kite
1	a person kneeling on sand on a kite
0	A man in white shirt sitting in sand with a kite.
1	a man in white shirt sitting over sand with a kite.
0	a person standing on sand next to  a kite.
1	a person standing behind sand next to a kite.
0	A man kneeling in the sand with a colorful kite.
1	a man kneeling beside the sand with a colorful kite.
0	an image of a man with a kite in the sand
1	an image of a man with a kite at the sand
0	A woman holding a kite in her hands in front of a woman tying her shoes.
1	a woman holding a kite under her hands in front of a woman tying her shoes.
0	One person sits in the sand while another flies a kite.
1	one person sits under the sand while another flies a kite.
0	A women who is flying a kite on a beach.
1	a women who is flying a kite over a beach.
0	A woman is kneeling down in the sand while holding a kite.
1	a woman is kneeling down over the sand while holding a kite.
0	A group of young men standing around in baseball uniforms.
1	a group of young men standing around at baseball uniforms.
1	a group of happy men standing around in baseball uniforms.
0	a sailboat sails with its sails full in front of a city
1	a sailboat sails with its sails full upon front of a city
0	A sailboat passes in front of an oversized clock and multiple city buildings.
1	a sailboat passes upon front of an oversized clock and multiple city buildings.
0	A sail boat with a large Colgate Clock in the distance.
1	a sail boat on a large colgate clock in the distance.
0	A batter and catcher and group in dugout during a baseball game.
1	a batter and catcher and group under dugout during a baseball game.
0	A guy starting to run to first base after hitting the ball in a baseball game.
1	a guy starting to run to first base after hitting the ball at a baseball game.
0	A young boy about to run to a base after having hit a baseball.
1	a happy boy about to run to a base after having hit a baseball.
0	Baseball players in the middle of a game with a small crowd.
1	baseball players over the middle of a game with a small crowd.
0	A baseball player taking a swing at a ball
1	a baseball player taking a swing over a ball
0	A person in a baseball uniform holding a bat.
1	a person at a baseball uniform holding a bat.
0	A baseball player hitting a ball in a game.
1	a baseball player hitting a ball beside a game.
0	Six women wearing tennis outfits sitting on a bench and standing with an award plaque.
1	six women wearing tennis outfits sitting on a bench and standing on an award plaque.
0	A women is standing with a racquet in her hand on a tennis court.
1	a women is standing with a racquet in her hand upon a tennis court.
0	A woman tennis player standing on the tennis court holding her racket.
1	a woman tennis player standing over the tennis court holding her racket.
0	A tennis player pumps her fist at a match.
1	a tennis player pumps her fist upon a match.
0	A desk beneath a bookshelf that has computers on it.
1	a desk beneath a bookshelf that has computers upon it.
0	A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
1	a laptop computer sitting upon top of a desk.
0	A table with food, computer screen and lab top and papers on it.
1	a table with food, computer screen and lab top and papers beside it.
0	An open laptop in front of a monitor on a desk.
1	an open laptop in front of a monitor upon a desk.
0	A gray and white cat sitting on a laptop keyboard with a photo of two people on the screen.
1	a gray and white cat sitting with a laptop keyboard with a photo of two people on the screen.
0	A cat lays on a laptop computer, which is on a person's lap.
1	a cat lays on a laptop computer, which is over a person's lap.
0	A coffee pot filled with tea sitting in front of a toaster oven.
1	a coffee pot filled with tea sitting at front of a toaster oven.
0	A coffee pot and a package set in front of a toaster oven.
1	a coffee pot and a package set at front of a toaster oven.
0	Ingredients sitting outside of a metal toaster oven
1	ingredients sitting underneath of a metal toaster oven
0	A pot of tea sits in front of an open microwave.
1	a pot of tea sits at front of an open microwave.
0	A tree with balloons tied onto it and candles at the base of it.
1	a tree with balloons tied onto it and candles beside the base of it.
0	A picture of stuffed animals on the street.
1	a picture of stuffed animals in the street.
0	The tree is covered in stuffed animals and balloons.
1	the tree is covered at stuffed animals and balloons.
0	a body of water in front of some buildings
1	a body of water over front of some buildings
0	a few skyscraper buildings across the water at night
1	a few skyscraper buildings in the water at night
0	A brown and white building has a clock up high in an alcove.
1	a brown and white building has a clock up high over an alcove.
0	a city clock on a very beautiful house
1	a city clock beside a very beautiful house
1	a city clock on a very ugly house
0	Closeup of a black and gold clock with blue sky in background.
1	closeup of a black and gold clock with blue sky at background.
0	a clock on a pole with a sky background
1	a clock in a pole with a sky background
0	Old clock showing the time against the sky in the afternoon.
1	old clock showing the time against the sky at the afternoon.
0	An ornate outdoor clock with streetlamps above and below it.
1	an ornate outdoor clock with streetlamps above and upon it.
0	Two teddy bears on a couch with a pillow
1	two teddy bears behind a couch with a pillow
0	Two white teddy bears sitting next to each other on a bed covered in pillows.
1	two white teddy bears sitting next to each other with a bed covered in pillows.
0	The two eddy bears are leaning on the purplish pillows
1	the two eddy bears are leaning upon the purplish pillows
0	A sheet of white paper with a pair of scissors on it
1	a sheet of white paper on a pair of scissors on it
0	A pair of scissors with white handles sits on a white piece of paper near several sheets of flannel.
1	a pair of scissors with white handles sits on a white piece of paper upon several sheets of flannel.
0	Little girl holding up a big stuffed animal with other children in background.
1	little girl holding up a big stuffed animal on other children in background.
0	A girl in plain dress standing next to a white teddy bear.
1	a girl upon plain dress standing next to a white teddy bear.
0	Two girls are holding a huge stuffed bear near a crowd of kids.
0	Two young children holding a large teddy bear.
1	two girls are holding a tiny stuffed bear near a crowd of kids.
1	two happy children holding a large teddy bear.
0	A group of people eat a meal at an outdoor event
1	a group of people eat a meal beside an outdoor event
0	A young man is making a silly face while eating.
1	a group of people eat a meal at an indoor event
1	a happy man is making a silly face while eating.
0	A group of people posing for a picture at a corporate event
1	a group of people posing for a picture upon a corporate event
0	A group of people toasting with a table full of bottles in front of them
1	a group of people toasting with a table full of bottles under front of them
0	A person on a red and black moped on a sidewalk.
1	a person on a red and black moped upon a sidewalk.
0	A person on a scooter passing a blue garage.
1	a person upon a scooter passing a blue garage.
0	a man on a scooter at the top of some steps
1	a man over a scooter at the top of some steps
0	A man riding a motor scooter on a wet road.
1	a man riding a motor scooter in a wet road.
0	a narrow kitchen with a white fridge at the end
1	a narrow kitchen with a white fridge behind the end
0	A narrow kitchen with a refrigerator at the end of it.
0	A long narrow kitchen with small stove and refrigerator
1	a dirty kitchen with a refrigerator at the end of it.
1	a short narrow kitchen with small stove and refrigerator
1	a dirty kitchen with a white fridge at the end
0	A lucky bamboo plant in the window of a small bathroom.
1	a lucky bamboo plant under the window of a small bathroom.
0	A pristine white bath room with a pedestal sink, black and white tile and a window at the far end
1	a pristine white bath room with a pedestal sink, black and white tile and a window over the far end
0	A bathroom with a mint green tub and sink, filled with various personal items.
1	a bathroom on a mint green tub and sink, filled with various personal items.
0	A white urinal in a small red tiled bathroom.
1	a white urinal at a small red tiled bathroom.
0	A white urinal mounted to a wall in a restroom.
1	a white urinal mounted to a wall over a restroom.
0	The corner of a bathroom with a urinal on the tiled wall.
1	the corner of a bathroom on a urinal on the tiled wall.
0	A white toilet seat in some lavatory somewhere.
1	a white toilet seat beside some lavatory somewhere.
0	A couple of red motorcycles parked in front of a building.
1	a couple of red motorcycles parked under front of a building.
0	Cars and bikes are sitting outside of a storefront.
1	cars and bikes are sitting towards of a storefront.
0	A car with its doors open on a street in the city with motorcycles parked on it.
1	a car with its doors open on a street in the city with motorcycles parked upon it.
0	A car with doors open sitting in front of  a group of motorcycles.
1	a car on doors open sitting in front of a group of motorcycles.
0	a motorcycle on the back of a truck with a fence in the background
1	a motorcycle over the back of a truck with a fence in the background
0	A motorcycle parked on the trailer behind a truck.
1	a motorcycle parked on the trailer beside a truck.
0	A brick building with a tall clock tower beside it.
1	a brick building with a tall clock tower upon it.
0	A clock on the very top of a building.
1	a clock over the very top of a building.
0	A brick structure with a clock tower in the background.
1	a brick structure with a clock tower upon the background.
0	A clock tower on top of a church with a weather vein.
1	a clock tower in top of a church with a weather vein.
0	Man studying motorcycle very closely in parking lot
1	man studying motorcycle very closely under parking lot
0	A man looking at motorcycle in a parking lot
1	a man looking at motorcycle upon a parking lot
0	A photograph of a man riding a dirt bike on a dirt track.
1	a photograph of a man riding a dirt bike upon a dirt track.
0	a close up of an open book with a person riding a dirt bike
1	a close towards of an open book with a person riding a dirt bike
0	The image of a man holding a camera is in this motorcycle side mirror.
1	the image of a man holding a camera is beside this motorcycle side mirror.
0	a guy inside a car taking a picture through the mirror in a remote area
1	a guy through a car taking a picture through the mirror in a remote area
0	A man taking a picture of his reflection in a motorcycle mirror.
1	a man taking a picture of his reflection under a motorcycle mirror.
0	A man taking a picture of himself in the rear view mirror.
1	a man taking a picture of himself over the rear view mirror.
0	A man taking a picture in a side car mirror with his cell phone.
1	a man taking a picture in a side car mirror on his cell phone.
0	A motorcycle is on esplanade at the car show.
1	a motorcycle is with esplanade at the car show.
0	A blue motorcycle parked on display  next to other vehicles.
1	a blue motorcycle parked upon display next to other vehicles.
0	Large commercial cargo plane sits on tarmac next to radar equipment.
1	large commercial cargo plane sits behind tarmac next to radar equipment.
0	Airplane with vintage bus in front of air plane hangar
1	airplane with vintage bus over front of air plane hangar
0	A bus parked in front of a private jet plain at an airport hanger.
1	a bus parked in front of a private jet plain upon an airport hanger.
0	A couple of airplanes sitting on top of a runway.
1	a couple of airplanes sitting over top of a runway.
0	A pair of planes parked in a small rural airfield.
1	a pair of planes parked under a small rural airfield.
0	Two small planes sitting near each other on a run way.
1	two small planes sitting in each other on a run way.
0	Two small planes are parked on the tarmac.
1	two small planes are parked with the tarmac.
0	Two different types of airplanes are parked on the runway.
1	a pair of planes parked in a small urban airfield.
1	two like types of airplanes are parked on the runway.
0	a traffic light on a side walk near a street
1	a traffic light in a side walk near a street
0	A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
1	a red fire hydrant sitting beside the side of a road.
0	A stone building is near the end of a road that has a streetlight.
1	a stone building is across the end of a road that has a streetlight.
0	A plane is flying in the sky over trees.
1	a plane is flying beside the sky over trees.
0	A large airplane flies in blue skies over some pretty trees.
1	a large airplane flies at blue skies over some pretty trees.
0	A scene of a park with a plane in the sky in the background.
1	a scene of a park with a plane under the sky in the background.
0	A variety of people walk in a park with an airplane above.
1	a variety of people walk in a park on an airplane above.
0	A large passenger jet flying over a park filled with cherry trees.
1	a large passenger jet flying on a park filled with cherry trees.
0	A couple of sheep sitting on top of a lush green grass covered hill.
1	a couple of sheep sitting in top of a lush green grass covered hill.
0	There are two sheep who are sitting in a field.
1	there are two sheep who are sitting beside a field.
0	Two sheep laying in th middle of an open field.
1	two sheep laying over th middle of an open field.
0	The two sheep are laying down in the grass.
1	the two sheep are laying down beside the grass.
0	Two white sheep are resting in a field.
1	two white sheep are resting beside a field.
0	Two women sitting on benches in an outdoor setting.
1	two women sitting over benches in an outdoor setting.
0	People are sitting on park benches on a cement area.
1	people are sitting in park benches on a cement area.
0	two women sitting on benches one with a black shirt the other blue
1	two women sitting with benches one with a black shirt the other blue
0	A person sitting on the bench in the park
1	a person sitting on the bench over the park
0	A group of park benches occupied by people sitting on them
1	a group of park benches occupied by people sitting upon them
1	two women sitting on benches in an indoor setting.
0	Three men are sitting outside on a bench.
1	three men are sitting outside upon a bench.
0	Three older gentleman are sitting on a stone bench
1	three older gentleman are sitting behind a stone bench
0	Three men sitting beside each other on a bench.
1	three men sitting on each other on a bench.
0	three men sit on a cement bench in a sidewalk
1	three men sit upon a cement bench in a sidewalk
0	Three elderly men are sitting on a bench.
1	three elderly men are sitting in a bench.
0	A double-decker bus decorated with signs is in front of a building with a clocktower
1	a double-decker bus decorated on signs is in front of a building with a clocktower
0	An older double decker buss driving on a street in a town in the mountains.
1	an older double decker buss driving on a street upon a town in the mountains.
0	A double decker bus is driving through the city
1	a double decker bus is driving outside the city
0	A bus pulls toward the sidewalk behind a cyclist as a line of cars makes their way down the street on the other side.
1	a bus pulls toward the sidewalk behind a cyclist as a line of cars makes their way down the street beside the other side.
0	A group of people are on a safari in a vehicle and they are viewing a giraffe.
1	a group of people are on a safari under a vehicle and they are viewing a giraffe.
0	A giraffe h bunch of people on a safari
1	a giraffe h bunch of people in a safari
0	A group of people watching a giraffe as they pass by on a truck.
1	a group of people watching a giraffe as they pass by in a truck.
0	A giraffe walking near a tour vehicle in the grass
1	a giraffe walking near a tour vehicle beside the grass
0	The city bus is pulled over to the side of the road.
1	the city bus is pulled upon to the side of the road.
0	A green and white bus parked in front of a small building.
1	a green and white bus parked at front of a small building.
0	A gren and white bus on street next to a building.
1	a gren and white bus beside street next to a building.
0	Green and white bus on an otherwise empty street.
1	green and white bus beside an otherwise empty street.
0	Two giraffes standing beside each other with tree in background.
1	two giraffes standing beside each other with tree over background.
0	a close up of two giraffes with trees in the background
1	a close up of two giraffes with trees under the background
0	A giraffe standing next to a tree on top of a field.
1	a giraffe standing next to a tree upon top of a field.
0	Four boxes full of black and yellow chicks on table.
1	four boxes full of black and yellow chicks in table.
0	a bunch of baby chickens in four boxes
1	a bunch of baby chickens over four boxes
0	This intersection is the most famous in Hollywood.
1	this intersection is the most famous beside hollywood.
0	Palm tree at the corner of Hollywood and Vine.
1	palm tree behind the corner of hollywood and vine.
0	A street sign reads "Hollywood Bl" below a palm tree.
1	a street sign reads "hollywood bl" at a palm tree.
0	An elephant uses its trunk to paint on a canvas.
1	an elephant uses its trunk to paint in a canvas.
0	A bird perched on top of a tree branch.
1	a bird perched upon top of a tree branch.
0	A bird that is perched in a tree.
1	a bird that is perched upon a tree.
0	A bird sits perched on a tree branch.
1	a bird sits perched in a tree branch.
0	A man is riding a horse in an open field.
1	a man is riding a horse under an open field.
0	a man riding a horse in the middle of the mountain range.
1	a man riding a horse at the middle of the mountain range.
0	an old man sitting on top of a horse next to the mountains
1	an old man sitting upon top of a horse next to the mountains
0	A man wearing cowboy gear is sitting on a horse.
1	a man wearing cowboy gear is sitting in a horse.
0	Cowboy riding a horse in a huge pasture..
1	cowboy riding a horse in a tiny pasture..
0	An orange detour sign hanging from a metal pole under a cloudy sky.
1	an orange detour sign hanging from a metal pole near a cloudy sky.
0	Red street sign with black letters sitting on metal post.
1	red street sign with black letters sitting beside metal post.
0	A red detour sign that is on a pole.
1	a red detour sign that is with a pole.
0	An empty city street surrounded by stores and shops on either side.
1	an empty city street surrounded by stores and shops upon either side.
0	an asian street with shops and signs on the buildings
1	an asian street with shops and signs behind the buildings
0	A man walks down a narrow Asian street.
1	a man walks down a dirty asian street.
0	Train engine on a train track and releasing steam.
1	train engine in a train track and releasing steam.
0	An old locomotive is on the railroad tracks.
1	an old locomotive is upon the railroad tracks.
0	There is a large board next to the street that has a lot of stickers all over it.
1	there is a large board next to the street that has a lot of stickers all at it.
0	The back of the sign has lots of stickers on it.
1	the back of the sign has lots of stickers over it.
0	A sign covered in lots of stickers sitting on the side of a road.
1	a sign covered beside lots of stickers sitting on the side of a road.
0	a street sign that is covered in stickers on the back
1	a street sign that is covered under stickers on the back
0	A boy sipping a milk bottle while lying on a bed.
1	a boy sipping a milk bottle while lying upon a bed.
0	A small child laying on a bed drinking from a bottle.
1	a small child laying upon a bed drinking from a bottle.
0	A little boy drinking milk from a bottle while laying in bed.
1	a little boy drinking milk from a bottle while laying under bed.
0	A young boy lying in a bed with a sippy cup.
1	a young boy lying over a bed with a sippy cup.
0	A small child laying in bed drinking a bottle of milk.
1	a small child laying at bed drinking a bottle of milk.
1	a happy boy lying in a bed with a sippy cup.
0	Sign on post displayed near fence area outdoors.
1	sign over post displayed near fence area outdoors.
0	An instructional sign is placed near a fence.
1	an instructional sign is placed below a fence.
0	A warning stop sign beside a wire fence.
1	a warning stop sign behind a wire fence.
0	a red and white sign is near a fence
1	a red and white sign is below a fence
0	A parking meter sitting on the side of a sidewalk.
1	a parking meter sitting beside the side of a sidewalk.
0	two parking meters on a street in front of a building with windows
1	two parking meters on a street in front of a building on windows
0	a close up of a double parking meter
1	a close underneath of a double parking meter
0	Two expired parking meters on a city street.
1	two expired parking meters with a city street.
0	A parking meter sitting on the side of a road.
1	a parking meter sitting behind the side of a road.
0	A meter  reader pulls behind a meter on the curb.
1	a meter reader pulls in a meter on the curb.
0	A parking meter and a vehicle on a street.
1	a parking meter and a vehicle beside a street.
0	The word plague is written on a parking meter.
1	the word plague is written behind a parking meter.
0	An elephant in its pen sticking its trunk outside.
1	an elephant in its pen sticking its trunk towards.
0	An elephant locked in a stall reaching over the gate with its trunk.
1	an elephant locked under a stall reaching over the gate with its trunk.
0	A small cat standing underneath an umbrella on a table.
1	a small cat standing up an umbrella on a table.
0	a calico cat sitting under an open umbrella by a curtain
1	a calico cat sitting across an open umbrella by a curtain
0	A cat under an umbrella inside a home.
1	a cat near an umbrella inside a home.
0	a white cat seated under an umbrella on the floor
1	a white cat seated under an umbrella with the floor
0	Cat on hardwood floor underneath umbrella with bright lights.
1	cat upon hardwood floor underneath umbrella with bright lights.
0	A black and white cat walks near someone's legs.
1	a black and white cat walks in someone's legs.
0	People walk by two cows who are laid out on the beach.
1	people walk by two cows who are laid out over the beach.
0	A cow laying on top of a sandy beach.
1	a cow laying over top of a sandy beach.
0	A cow sitting down in the sand and one laying down in the sand.
1	a cow sitting down in the sand and one laying down upon the sand.
0	Some cows with horns laying on a beach.
1	some cows with horns laying in a beach.
0	A brown horse standing on a dirt field.
1	a brown horse standing over a dirt field.
0	A bull and calf eating grass near a river.
1	a bull and calf eating grass below a river.
0	Some cows graze in the grass near a mountain.
1	some cows graze at the grass near a mountain.
0	Grazing animasl in sparsly vegetated natural settin near water.
1	grazing animasl in sparsly vegetated natural settin below water.
0	A woman on a moped, two men and animals walking down the road.
1	a woman in a moped, two men and animals walking down the road.
0	A woman on a motorcycle is next to a man walking a dog along with other people going down a dirt road.
1	a woman behind a motorcycle is next to a man walking a dog along with other people going down a dirt road.
0	A colorful truck is shown at the dirt lot.
1	a colorful truck is shown across the dirt lot.
0	a colorful vintage truck splattered with paint sits in a field
1	a colorful vintage truck splattered with paint sits over a field
0	A police car onsite of an accident involving a truck on a freeway.
1	a police car onsite of an accident involving a truck beside a freeway.
0	A police car parked near the scene of an accident
1	a police car parked across the scene of an accident
0	a close up of a police car at the scene of an accident
1	a close up of a police car upon the scene of an accident
0	A tanker trunk is on it's side on the side of a road near a police car.
1	a tanker trunk is on it's side in the side of a road near a police car.
0	The truck has rolled over on to it's side.
1	the truck has rolled over in to it's side.
0	A blurred cat sitting in front of a screen.
1	a blurred cat sitting upon front of a screen.
0	A black cat sitting on top of a desk.
1	a black cat sitting beside top of a desk.
0	A blurry picture of a black cat sitting in front of a flat screen monitor.
1	a blurry picture of a black cat sitting under front of a flat screen monitor.
0	A black dog riding on top of a boat in the water.
1	a black dog riding on top of a boat under the water.
0	A black dog sitting on a boat in the water.
1	a black dog sitting on a boat under the water.
0	A black dog with a red collar in a boat.
1	a black dog with a red collar at a boat.
0	The dog is riding in the boat on the river.
1	the dog is riding over the boat on the river.
0	A DOG IS ON THE BOAT LOOKING AT THE WATER
1	a dog is on the boat looking upon the water
0	A group of cows grazing in a grassy field.
1	a group of cows grazing at a grassy field.
0	A small cat laying on the ground with a remote.
1	a small cat laying upon the ground with a remote.
0	A wide-eyed striped cat on the floor by a remote controller.
1	a wide-eyed striped cat behind the floor by a remote controller.
0	Cat lying prone behind an upside down remote control.
1	cat lying prone in an upside down remote control.
0	A cat laying next to a remote control on the floor.
1	a cat laying next to a remote control over the floor.
0	A woman in a white dress marrying a man in front of a field.
1	a woman over a white dress marrying a man in front of a field.
0	A woman in a white dress holds a hand with a man in a tux.
1	a woman beside a white dress holds a hand with a man in a tux.
0	A man taking a picture of items for sale through the front window of a store.
1	a man taking a picture of items for sale outside the front window of a store.
0	A display on a store front with lots of items on display.
1	a display on a store front with lots of items behind display.
0	a picture looking in to an umbrella shop
1	a picture looking over to an umbrella shop
0	A man in glasses and tie pointing his finger.
1	a man over glasses and tie pointing his finger.
0	A young man stands pointing in the picture.
1	a young man stands pointing under the picture.
0	A man points and talks in front of a poster.
1	a man points and talks upon front of a poster.
1	a happy man stands pointing in the picture.
0	A actress standing near an elephant on a sunny day.
1	a actress standing near an elephant upon a sunny day.
0	An older woman is talking in front of an elephant.
1	an older woman is talking at front of an elephant.
0	The woman is looking at the elephant in amazement.
1	the woman is looking at the elephant under amazement.
0	A woman standing behind a fence looking at an elephant.
1	a woman standing across a fence looking at an elephant.
0	three people standing by an elephant behind a fence
1	three people standing by an elephant in a fence
0	Two men and one woman in front of an elephant.
1	two men and one woman upon front of an elephant.
0	People are in a boat in the rain with umbrellas.
1	people are in a boat at the rain with umbrellas.
0	A group of people in a boat while it rains.
1	a group of people at a boat while it rains.
0	This is an image of a gondola in the rain with umbrellas
1	this is an image of a gondola at the rain with umbrellas
0	People are on a boat in the rain with umbrellas.
1	people are in a boat in the rain with umbrellas.
0	People with umbrellas row a boat down a stream in the rain.
1	people with umbrellas row a boat down a stream beside the rain.
0	A boxer dog and a cat are laying on the floor.
1	a boxer dog and a cat are laying over the floor.
0	A dog laying down by a cat, both are curled up in a ball, the cat is laying on the dogs bed.
1	a dog laying down by a cat, both are curled up in a ball, the cat is laying with the dogs bed.
0	A dog and a cat sleeping soundly on the floor.
1	a dog and a cat sleeping soundly upon the floor.
0	A couple of elephants standing on top of a grass covered field.
1	a couple of elephants standing upon top of a grass covered field.
0	A couple of elephants out in the field having a snack
1	a couple of elephants out at the field having a snack
0	a large elephants is outside in a field
1	a large elephants is outside at a field
0	A dog has a frisbee in its mouth.
1	a dog has a frisbee upon its mouth.
0	A close up of a dog with a frisbee in its mouth.
1	a close up of a dog on a frisbee in its mouth.
0	A crazy eyed dog with a frisbee in his mouth.
1	a crazy eyed dog with a frisbee at his mouth.
0	A mother and daughter laugh under umbrellas on a rainy day.
1	a mother and daughter laugh behind umbrellas on a rainy day.
0	A lady with a black umbrella over her head and a child with a red rain coat and matching umbrella.
1	a lady with a black umbrella upon her head and a child with a red rain coat and matching umbrella.
0	A computer desk with a computer turned on.
1	a computer desk with a computer turned over.
0	A wooden desk with a computer and books/cds in the shelves of the desk.
1	a wooden desk with a computer and books/cds beside the shelves of the desk.
0	A desk with a monitor, keyboard, and various other objects on it.
1	a desk with a monitor, keyboard, and various other objects with it.
0	The computer desk is neat with everything in its place.
1	the computer desk is neat on everything in its place.
0	A dog in a snowy yard leaping for a frisbee.
1	a dog at a snowy yard leaping for a frisbee.
0	A dog playing in the snow getting the Frisbee .
1	a dog playing over the snow getting the frisbee.
0	A grey and white dog catching a frisbee in snow.
1	a grey and white dog catching a frisbee over snow.
0	Two black bears in the woods playing near the trees.
1	two black bears upon the woods playing near the trees.
0	A bear sticks out its tongue while standing in front of a rocky background.
1	a bear sticks out its tongue while standing at front of a rocky background.
0	A big black bear standing on dirt in an enclosure at a zoo.
1	a big black bear standing on dirt under an enclosure at a zoo.
0	A large black bear standing in a dirt field.
1	a large black bear standing upon a dirt field.
0	Two bears are perched on trees out in the fog.
1	two bears are perched on trees out beside the fog.
0	Two bears in the trees with snow falling.
1	two bears at the trees with snow falling.
0	Two monkeys are sitting on some tree branches.
1	two monkeys are sitting beside some tree branches.
0	Two bears up in a tree during a snow storm
1	two bears towards in a tree during a snow storm
0	Several men are playing sports on a field near some trees, wall, bus, and several buildings in the background.
1	several men are playing sports on a field in some trees, wall, bus, and several buildings in the background.
0	A bunch of kids on a field play soccer.
1	a bunch of kids upon a field play soccer.
0	Men playing soccer on a field at dusk.
1	men playing soccer on a field behind dusk.
0	People playing a game on green grass in front of a building.
1	people playing a game behind green grass in front of a building.
0	Three zebras in a field of dry brush.
1	three zebras over a field of dry brush.
0	a woman tosses a frisbee in a public park
1	a woman tosses a frisbee over a public park
0	A woman throwing a frisbee in a small field.
1	a woman throwing a frisbee upon a small field.
0	a large zebra standing on some short grass
1	a large zebra standing behind some short grass
0	A zebra walks across a field of green grass.
1	a zebra walks in a field of green grass.
0	A zebra that is walking through the grass.
1	a zebra that is walking around` the grass.
0	A black and white zebra walking in the grass.
1	a black and white zebra walking upon the grass.
0	Zebra prodding in an open grassy field looking agitated.
1	zebra prodding at an open grassy field looking agitated.
1	a large zebra standing on some long grass
0	A pair of zebras standing in pen, in the grass.
1	a pair of zebras standing in pen, at the grass.
0	A zebra is standing next to another smaller zebra near some grass.
1	a zebra is standing next to another smaller zebra across some grass.
0	Two zebras stand next to each other on a cement slab.
1	two zebras stand next to each other in a cement slab.
0	A zebra and her baby are standing near wooden logs.
1	a zebra and her baby are standing upon wooden logs.
0	A group of men and women riding horses in the dark.
1	a group of men and women riding horses beside the dark.
0	A person that is on top of a horse.
1	a person that is upon top of a horse.
0	A young woman horseback riding with her friends
1	a happy woman horseback riding with her friends
0	an assortment of toys being displayed in the store
1	an assortment of toys being displayed at the store
0	Some shelves in a store selling Halloween items
1	some shelves over a store selling halloween items
0	An aisle in a store that is selling holiday items.
1	an aisle beside a store that is selling holiday items.
0	A woman and two men are displayed on a small television
1	a woman and two men are displayed in a small television
0	The people are watching a show on television.
1	the people are watching a show with television.
0	Several bunches of bananas, some still attached to the branch, hanging from hooks in a kitchen
1	several bunches of bananas, some still attached to the branch, hanging from hooks over a kitchen
0	Several bunches of bananas hanging in a kitchen.
1	several bunches of bananas hanging over a kitchen.
0	A banana is on a plate with cookies and peanut butter.
1	a banana is over a plate with cookies and peanut butter.
0	banana partly sliced, peanut butter on a spoon, and cookies
1	banana partly sliced, peanut butter beside a spoon, and cookies
0	The plate has a banana being sliced near cookies.
1	the plate has a banana being sliced across cookies.
0	A plate with a banana that is cut up, cookies and a spoon on it.
1	a plate with a banana that is cut up, cookies and a spoon in it.
1	banana altogether sliced, peanut butter on a spoon, and cookies
0	A person skis with mountains in the background.
1	a person skis with mountains at the background.
0	The person stands on the snow near the snow covered mountains.
1	the person stands on the snow below the snow covered mountains.
0	A person who is walking with snow skis on.
1	a person who is walking with snow skis beside.
0	a person that's wearing skis near huge mountains.
1	a person that's wearing skis near tiny mountains.
0	an image of a man sitting in front of desert at a restaurant
1	an image of a man sitting upon front of desert at a restaurant
0	A man looking at an ice cream dessert.
1	a man looking across an ice cream dessert.
0	A man looks at a dessert sitting in front of him at a restaurant.
1	a man looks over a dessert sitting in front of him at a restaurant.
0	A young man sitting with a large banana split in front of him
1	a young man sitting with a large banana split upon front of him
0	A young man sits at a restaurant looking at a huge banana split sundae.
1	a young man sits at a restaurant looking upon a huge banana split sundae.
1	a happy man sitting with a large banana split in front of him
1	a happy man sits at a restaurant looking at a huge banana split sundae.
0	A skateboarder is balanced on the edge of a wall.
1	a skateboarder is balanced in the edge of a wall.
0	The man is riding down the wall on his skateboard.
1	the man is riding down the wall upon his skateboard.
0	A burger sitting on a table, with another next to it.
1	a burger sitting with a table, with another next to it.
0	Plates that have a burger, french fries, and condiments on them.
1	plates that have a burger, french fries, and condiments in them.
0	A kid on a skateboard on the street.
1	a kid on a skateboard in the street.
0	A young boy in a red shirt is on a skate board.
1	a young boy beside a red shirt is on a skate board.
0	Child in black and red outfit riding on top of a skateboard.
1	child over black and red outfit riding on top of a skateboard.
0	A young boy is skateboarding in a red shirt.
1	a young boy is skateboarding at a red shirt.
1	a happy boy in a red shirt is on a skate board.
1	a happy boy is skateboarding in a red shirt.
0	Two people in ski gear standing in the snow.
1	two people over ski gear standing in the snow.
0	two people standing side by side on the snow covered ground
1	two people standing side by side upon the snow covered ground
0	Some skiers in the snow on a very big hill.
1	some skiers in the snow over a very big hill.
0	Two people smile at the camera with their ski equipment.
1	two people smile over the camera with their ski equipment.
0	Two hot dogs sitting side by side with condiments.
1	two hot dogs sitting side on side with condiments.
0	Two hot dogs covered with ketchup and relish on a plate.
1	two hot dogs covered on ketchup and relish on a plate.
0	Two hot dogs in buns are smothered with condiments.
1	two hot dogs beside buns are smothered with condiments.
0	Skiers look downward as they ride a ski lift up the mountain.
1	skiers look downward as they ride a ski lift underneath the mountain.
1	skiers look upwardly as they ride a ski lift up the mountain.
0	a kid is in the air on a skateboard
1	a kid is at the air on a skateboard
0	Boy making a jump on at skateboard park with an assembled crowd.
1	boy making a jump on upon skateboard park with an assembled crowd.
0	A young skateboarder is in the air as he performs stunts.
1	a young skateboarder is beside the air as he performs stunts.
0	A young boy in the air on a skateboard.
1	a young boy upon the air on a skateboard.
0	a person jumping a skate board in the air
1	a person jumping a skate board under the air
1	a happy skateboarder is in the air as he performs stunts.
1	a happy boy in the air on a skateboard.
0	A snowboarder sits at the top of a slope.
1	a snowboarder sits behind the top of a slope.
0	A person rides a sled down a snowy hill on a sunny day.
1	a person rides a sled down a snowy hill behind a sunny day.
0	Snowboarder relaxes in the sun on the snow
1	snowboarder relaxes beside the sun on the snow
0	a close up of a person eating a hot dog
1	a close towards of a person eating a hot dog
0	A woman laughing and eating a hotdog in a dark room.
1	a woman laughing and eating a hotdog over a dark room.
0	Meat, cheese, onions, mushrooms and olives on a pizza.
1	meat, cheese, onions, mushrooms and olives beside a pizza.
0	A very close up picture of a pizza with several toppings.
1	a very close atop picture of a pizza with several toppings.
0	The cheesey pizza has a lot of olives on it
1	the cheesey pizza has a lot of olives with it
0	A plate of food with bread, grape tomatoes, cheese, cucumbers and sauce on it.
1	a plate of food with bread, grape tomatoes, cheese, cucumbers and sauce in it.
0	A table with a white dinner plate that has a sandwich on it and side of mustard.
1	a table with a white dinner plate that has a sandwich in it and side of mustard.
0	There are some whole leaves on a sandwich
1	there are some whole leaves with a sandwich
0	Basil, cheese, tomatoes and bread on a plate.
1	basil, cheese, tomatoes and bread beside a plate.
0	Ingredients for a sandwich sit on a plate.
1	ingredients for a sandwich sit behind a plate.
0	a piece of cake on a plate near a cup of coffee on a table
1	a piece of cake on a plate near a cup of coffee upon a table
0	A piece of carrot cake and a cup of coffee on a desk.
1	a piece of carrot cake and a cup of coffee beside a desk.
0	A piece of coffee cake on a small plate with a mug of coffee beside it.
1	a piece of coffee cake on a small plate with a mug of coffee at it.
0	A bluebery cake is on a plate and is topped with butter.
1	a bluebery cake is upon a plate and is topped with butter.
0	A piece of cake with butter on it sits next to an orange slice.
1	a piece of cake with butter over it sits next to an orange slice.
0	A young couple shows off a birthday cake on a plate.
1	a young couple shows off a birthday cake over a plate.
0	Two people near a big cake that is decorated.
1	two people over a big cake that is decorated.
0	Two people are posing in front of the cake.
1	two people are posing beside front of the cake.
0	A young man and older woman pose for a picture with a birthday cake.
1	a happy couple shows off a birthday cake on a plate.
1	a happy man and older woman pose for a picture with a birthday cake.
0	Several young male soccer players play on a field as a ball sails overhead.
1	several young male soccer players play in a field as a ball sails overhead.
0	a group of people playing soccer in a field
1	a group of people playing soccer beside a field
0	Soccer players look on as the soccer ball flies in the air.
1	soccer players look on as the soccer ball flies upon the air.
0	Several men playing with a soccer ball in a park.
1	several men playing on a soccer ball in a park.
1	several happy male soccer players play on a field as a ball sails overhead.
0	A little boy sitting on a bed drinking from a cup.
1	a little boy sitting beside a bed drinking from a cup.
0	A toddler sitting on a bed, drinking from a sippy cup while holding a remote control.
1	a toddler sitting beside a bed, drinking from a sippy cup while holding a remote control.
0	A young boy sitting on a bed with a remote control in his hand.
1	a young boy sitting on a bed on a remote control in his hand.
0	A child drinking from a bottle in one hand and holding a remote control in another.
1	a child drinking from a bottle in one hand and holding a remote control upon another.
0	a young kid in a hat drinks from a cup
1	a happy boy sitting on a bed with a remote control in his hand.
1	a happy kid in a hat drinks from a cup
0	A very orderly office with a bed in it was very well lit cause of open windows.
1	a very orderly office with a bed at it was very well lit cause of open windows.
0	a laptop sitting on a desk in a small office
1	a laptop sitting on a desk over a small office
0	A man riding on top of a paddle board on water.
1	a man riding with top of a paddle board on water.
0	a man is standing on top of a surf board at sea
1	a man is standing with top of a surf board at sea
0	The man is standing on a surfboard in the ocean with a paddle.
1	the man is standing with a surfboard in the ocean with a paddle.
0	A man in calm waters has a stick that he is using to stir his surfboard.
1	a man beside calm waters has a stick that he is using to stir his surfboard.
0	A person standing on top of a bed covered in a blanket and pillows.
1	a person standing beside top of a bed covered in a blanket and pillows.
0	A person stands on an unmade bed in a wallpapered room.
1	a person stands on an unmade bed beside a wallpapered room.
0	A man whose head is not pictured stands on his bed
1	a man whose head is not pictured stands beside his bed
0	A white bed has a red and green pillow on it.
1	a white bed has a red and green pillow in it.
0	A bedroom with a bed that has some personal items on it
1	a bedroom on a bed that has some personal items on it
0	A bed has a white bedspread and decorative pillows along with some personal items on it.
1	a bed has a white bedspread and decorative pillows along with some personal items behind it.
0	Four surfers ride the waves in the ocean with other people visible further out to sea
1	four surfers ride the waves over the ocean with other people visible further out to sea
0	Surfers on their surfboards line up for waves.
1	surfers in their surfboards line up for waves.
0	A group of surfers in the ocean riding on the waves.
1	a group of surfers in the ocean riding in the waves.
0	A dozen people are in a body of water, some with surfboards
1	a dozen people are over a body of water, some with surfboards
0	Many people in the ocean on surfboards with some riding a wave.
1	many people in the ocean with surfboards with some riding a wave.
0	Several people are swimming and surfing in the ocean.
1	several people are swimming and surfing at the ocean.
0	People play and swim in the ocean water.
1	people play and swim upon the ocean water.
0	A person that is laying on a surfboard in the water.
1	a person that is laying in a surfboard in the water.
0	Plates  of food and glasses of wine sitting on a table
1	plates of food and glasses of wine sitting beside a table
0	a table thath as some pizza and wine on it
1	a table thath as some pizza and wine upon it
0	A couple glasses of wine sitting on a table of food.
1	a couple glasses of wine sitting over a table of food.
0	Plates of food and two glasses of red wine are on a table.
1	plates of food and two glasses of red wine are with a table.
0	there are two pizzaa and two glasses of wine on the table
1	there are two pizzaa and two glasses of wine beside the table
0	A crowd of people standing next to a bed on a sidewalk.
1	a crowd of people standing next to a bed over a sidewalk.
0	A bed is in the middle of the street with a crowd of people.
1	a bed is under the middle of the street with a crowd of people.
0	A pizza with Canadian bacon and pineapple in a fluted pan.
1	a pizza with canadian bacon and pineapple over a fluted pan.
0	A pizza in a pan topped with cheese and meat.
1	a pizza at a pan topped with cheese and meat.
0	A small homemade pizza in a pie plate.
1	a small homemade pizza under a pie plate.
0	A pineapple and ham pizza in a pizza tin
1	a pineapple and ham pizza beside a pizza tin
0	A pizza that is in a silver pan and sitting on a white surface.
1	a pizza that is in a silver pan and sitting beside a white surface.
0	The view of an entertainment center and desk in a hotel room.
1	the view of an entertainment center and desk beside a hotel room.
0	A bedroom scene with focus on a desk with a laptop.
1	a bedroom scene with focus with a desk with a laptop.
0	Large wooden cabinets sitting inside a bedroom.
1	large wooden cabinets sitting up a bedroom.
0	an image of a big cabinet in a living room
1	an image of a big cabinet beside a living room
0	an office chair with a pillow on the seat
1	an office chair with a pillow behind the seat
0	The sign says London in front of the keyboard
1	the sign says london beside front of the keyboard
0	An office space that is dark in color and has a keyboard and two computer screens along with two telephones and a headset.
1	an office space that is dark beside color and has a keyboard and two computer screens along with two telephones and a headset.
0	A couple pieces of pizza sitting on a plate.
1	a couple pieces of pizza sitting with a plate.
0	Pizza on a tray with a knife,a fork, and a cup.
1	pizza with a tray with a knife, a fork, and a cup.
0	Two slices of pizza and a drink are on a table.
1	two slices of pizza and a drink are upon a table.
0	Two large slices of pepperoni pizza on a table.
1	two large slices of pepperoni pizza over a table.
0	a person in a living room playing nintendo wii near a window
1	a person at a living room playing nintendo wii near a window
0	a person standing in front of the curtains of a window and a television and holding a game controller
1	a person standing beside front of the curtains of a window and a television and holding a game controller
0	A man smiles in front of floral print drapes with his Wii.
1	a man smiles upon front of floral print drapes with his wii.
0	The man is holding a remote control in his hand.
1	the man is holding a remote control upon his hand.
0	A room with a fireplace in a wood wall area and four chairs in front of the fireplace.
1	a room with a fireplace under a wood wall area and four chairs in front of the fireplace.
0	A couple of chair sitting underneath a lamp hanging from the ceiling.
1	a couple of chair sitting outside a lamp hanging from the ceiling.
0	A modern living room with a marble fireplace.
1	a ancient living room with a marble fireplace.
0	a person is holding a tennis racket on a court
1	a person is holding a tennis racket over a court
0	A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a man standing behind a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	A man on the court is holding the Tennis racket.
1	a man beside the court is holding the tennis racket.
0	A young man playing a game of tennis against an opponent.
1	a happy man playing a game of tennis against an opponent.
0	A city plaza with people walking through it.
1	a city plaza with people walking outside it.
0	a teddy bear sitting inside a toilet bowl
1	a teddy bear sitting through a toilet bowl
0	A teddy bear sitting on top of a small white toilet.
1	a teddy bear sitting upon top of a small white toilet.
0	teddy bear sitting on a tiny toilet in a cube shape space
1	teddy bear sitting with a tiny toilet in a cube shape space
0	A teddy bear sitting on a toilet in an enclosed stage.
1	a teddy bear sitting over a toilet in an enclosed stage.
1	teddy bear sitting on a huge toilet in a cube shape space
0	a group of people working on lap tops in an auditorium
1	a group of people working on lap tops at an auditorium
0	A picture of students with laptops attending a training seminar with a speaker by the podium.
1	a picture of students on laptops attending a training seminar with a speaker by the podium.
0	A group of people sitting in front of computers.
1	a group of people sitting under front of computers.
0	a person on the stage addressing very many people
1	a person with the stage addressing very many people
0	Teddy bears are dressed in clothing and stand in a window sill
1	teddy bears are dressed beside clothing and stand in a window sill
0	Four stuffed teddy bears dressed in pink and posed together.
1	four stuffed teddy bears dressed beside pink and posed together.
0	A man looks surprised while taking a photo in the mirror.
1	a man looks surprised while taking a photo upon the mirror.
0	The guy with crazy here is taking a picture in the mirror.
1	the guy on crazy here is taking a picture in the mirror.
0	A man taking a selfie in a  bathroom mirror.
1	a man taking a selfie over a bathroom mirror.
0	A man in glasses taking a picture with his cellphone
1	a man at glasses taking a picture with his cellphone
0	a couple of men in white are in a kitchen
1	a couple of men in white are over a kitchen
0	A man in military uniform looking at his phone.
1	a man in military uniform looking beside his phone.
0	A man in a uniform is using a mobile device.
1	a man beside a uniform is using a mobile device.
0	some people and a male in a white jacket and his cellphone
1	some people and a male upon a white jacket and his cellphone
0	A man is poking at something in a pizza oven.
1	a man is poking at something over a pizza oven.
0	Two plastic containers sitting on top of a wooden table.
1	two plastic containers sitting behind top of a wooden table.
0	THERE IS SOME SORT OF VEGETABLES IN A BOWL
1	there is some sort of vegetables upon a bowl
0	A large vase is  in the center of a hotel lobby with a large chandelier above it.
1	a large vase is beside the center of a hotel lobby with a large chandelier above it.
0	A large vase stand in the middle of an elegant lobby.
1	a large vase stand upon the middle of an elegant lobby.
0	Large ornate vase displayed on custom floor beneath hanging chandelier.
1	large ornate vase displayed upon custom floor beneath hanging chandelier.
0	A  vase and a chandelier in  the lobby.
1	a vase and a chandelier at the lobby.
0	A green vase filed with red roses sitting on top of table.
1	a green vase filed on red roses sitting on top of table.
0	A bouquet of roses in a red walled road.
1	a bouquet of roses upon a red walled road.
0	a close up of a vase with flowers with a dark background
1	a close up of a vase on flowers with a dark background
0	The flowers are inside a colorful green vase.
1	the flowers are up a colorful green vase.
0	A green vase with several red roses in it.
1	a green vase with several red roses under it.
0	Various bouquet of flowers in a vase outside.
1	various bouquet of flowers under a vase outside.
0	Arrangement of flowers in foreground with garden behind them.
1	arrangement of flowers in foreground on garden behind them.
0	A vase that has some white and some pink flowers in it.
1	a vase that has some white and some pink flowers over it.
0	Daisies and other bright flowers are in the vase.
1	daisies and other bright flowers are upon the vase.
0	A bunch of flowers, in front of a forest.
1	a bunch of flowers, beside front of a forest.
0	A flower arrangement is standing on a table in a very ornately decorated area.
1	a flower arrangement is standing in a table in a very ornately decorated area.
0	Multi-color flowers in a pearl vase sitting on a table draped with a gold cloth.
1	multi-color flowers under a pearl vase sitting on a table draped with a gold cloth.
0	A shiny, silver vase holds a colorful bouquet of flowers beside an elegant looking chair, in front of a floral print design, behind a gold colored rail.
1	a shiny, silver vase holds a colorful bouquet of flowers beside an elegant looking chair, at front of a floral print design, behind a gold colored rail.
0	A bouquet of flowers on a table next to a chair.
1	a bouquet of flowers beside a table next to a chair.
0	The kitchen supplies was hanging on the wall
1	the kitchen supplies was hanging over the wall
0	A woman standing near a cart with buckets of food on it
1	a woman standing near a cart with buckets of food in it
0	A lady stand in front of buckets with various ingredients.
1	a lady stand upon front of buckets with various ingredients.
0	A tray with soup, drink and food on it
1	a tray with soup, drink and food with it
0	a tray that has a bowl of soup, a sandwich, and a drink on it
1	a tray that has a bowl of soup, a sandwich, and a drink in it
0	Several people sit around a table in front of a large window and many bowls are filled with food.
1	several people sit around a table over front of a large window and many bowls are filled with food.
0	Three woman and a man all sitting together at a table enjoying a group meal.
1	three woman and a man all sitting together upon a table enjoying a group meal.
0	People having lunch together at a table in a restaurant.
1	people having lunch together at a table over a restaurant.
0	A group of women are sitting at a table eating lunch.
1	a group of women are sitting upon a table eating lunch.
0	a lady eating at a table holding up the peace sign
1	a lady eating beside a table holding up the peace sign
0	A woman makes a peace sign in front of a fully set table.
1	a woman makes a peace sign under front of a fully set table.
0	A lady sitting at a table with food and drink, holding up two fingers.
1	a lady sitting upon a table with food and drink, holding up two fingers.
0	A woman gives the peace sign at lunch with her friend
1	a woman gives the peace sign behind lunch with her friend
0	A woman giving a peace sign at a table.
1	a woman giving a peace sign over a table.
0	A group of people sampling food at an outdoor event.
1	a group of people sampling food behind an outdoor event.
0	people at an informal gathering eating under a tent
1	people beside an informal gathering eating under a tent
0	A group of people have dinner together inside of a tent.
1	a group of people have dinner together beneath of a tent.
0	A large group of people eating under a tent.
1	a large group of people eating beside a tent.
1	a group of people sampling food at an indoor event.
0	THERE ARE A LOT OF WINE GLASSES ON THE TABLE
1	there are a lot of wine glasses with the table
0	Several wine glasses placed on a glass table filled with different wines.
1	several wine glasses placed behind a glass table filled with different wines.
1	several wine glasses placed on a glass table filled with like wines.
0	A group of people that are sitting on bikes in the street.
1	a group of people that are sitting behind bikes in the street.
0	Careful bicycle riders add florescents to their clothes for safety in the dark.
1	careful bicycle riders add florescents to their clothes for safety upon the dark.
0	At night on a street with a group of a bicycle riders riding down the road together.
1	at night over a street with a group of a bicycle riders riding down the road together.
0	A group of young bicyclists on a city street at night.
1	a group of young bicyclists on a city street upon night.
1	a group of happy bicyclists on a city street at night.
0	A man in a restaurant holding ice cream sundaes.
1	a man under a restaurant holding ice cream sundaes.
0	A woman sits at the kitchen table with a cup of coffee.
1	a woman sits over the kitchen table with a cup of coffee.
0	A lady sits at a table surrounded by many objects.
1	a lady sits beside a table surrounded by many objects.
0	A woman sitting at a kitchen table next to a mug and decorations.
1	a woman sitting behind a kitchen table next to a mug and decorations.
0	A woman sitting at a table with a coffee cup and a Halloween Decoration.
1	a woman sitting over a table with a coffee cup and a halloween decoration.
0	Multiple electronics on a desk with a computer.
1	multiple electronics behind a desk with a computer.
0	An older woman is standing in the kitchen with a child.
1	an older woman is standing at the kitchen with a child.
0	Baby trying to open wooden cabinets under the sink.
1	baby trying to open wooden cabinets near the sink.
0	A woman and child stand in the kitchen.
1	a woman and child stand at the kitchen.
0	The little girl is trying hard to open the cabinets
1	the little girl is trying simple to open the cabinets
0	A group of people looking at an elephant.
1	a group of people looking behind an elephant.
0	A man is at a zoo touching an elephant trunk.
1	a man is behind a zoo touching an elephant trunk.
0	Elephant and it trainer stand in front of a crowd of people.
1	elephant and it trainer stand upon front of a crowd of people.
0	People pet an elephant at an outdoor zoo exhibit.
1	people pet an elephant at an indoor zoo exhibit.
0	Two people are standing in a kitchen talking about a phone
1	two people are standing at a kitchen talking about a phone
0	Man and woman standing with man holding cell phone in kitchen
1	man and woman standing with man holding cell phone beside kitchen
0	A couple is talking in the kitchen with a phone.
1	a couple is talking over the kitchen with a phone.
0	A view of two mirrors inside of a bathroom.
1	a view of two mirrors beneath of a bathroom.
0	An empty bathroom with blue walls on the lights on.
1	an empty bathroom with blue walls beside the lights on.
0	There is a large group of people on the road behind the police car.
1	there is a large group of people beside the road behind the police car.
0	A huge crowd is walking down one side of a street.
1	a tiny crowd is walking down one side of a street.
0	A bunch of cars parked in a parking lot.
1	a bunch of cars parked beside a parking lot.
0	a couple of vehicles are parked in a lot
1	a couple of vehicles are parked over a lot
0	A car is illegally parked near a fire hydrant.
1	a car is illegally parked in a fire hydrant.
0	A car and a public transit vehicle on a road.
1	a car and a public transit vehicle upon a road.
0	a car in front of a train on train tracks
1	a car in front of a train behind train tracks
0	A silver car in the street next to a metal railing.
1	a silver car beside the street next to a metal railing.
0	a cat sitting in a sink with its eyes open
1	a cat sitting under a sink with its eyes open
0	A black and whit cat sitting in a sink.
1	a black and whit cat sitting beside a sink.
0	A car that seems to be parked illegally behind a legally parked car
1	a car that seems to be parked illegally across a legally parked car
0	two cars parked on the sidewalk on the street
1	two cars parked upon the sidewalk on the street
0	Bird standing on car roof near covered pavilion.
1	bird standing upon car roof near covered pavilion.
0	A small crane stands on the roof of a car in a city area.
1	a small crane stands with the roof of a car in a city area.
0	The white bird is standing on the roof of a car.
1	the white bird is standing upon the roof of a car.
0	a close up of a bird on top of a parked car
1	a close up of a bird with top of a parked car
0	A bird is standing on top of a car.
1	a bird is standing in top of a car.
0	A toilet with a Hello Kitty symbol on it.
1	a toilet with a hello kitty symbol beside it.
0	A toilet with a Hello Kitty seat sitting in a room.
1	a toilet on a hello kitty seat sitting in a room.
0	A cat is sitting on a motorcycle looking in the mirror.
1	a cat is sitting upon a motorcycle looking in the mirror.
0	there is a cat that is sitting on a bike
1	there is a cat that is sitting in a bike
0	A cat sitting on a motor scooter seat scratching its neck
1	a cat sitting with a motor scooter seat scratching its neck
0	A cat sitting on a motorcycle looking at the mirror.
1	a cat sitting on a motorcycle looking beside the mirror.
0	A dog is tied to a cart on the side of a motorcycle
1	a dog is tied to a cart behind the side of a motorcycle
0	Two motorcycles parked near each other by a sewer
1	two motorcycles parked across each other by a sewer
0	2 different motor bikes parked next to each other
1	2 like motor bikes parked next to each other
0	Two people standing beside a flock of sheep on a busy road.
1	two people standing beside a flock of sheep with a busy road.
0	A large group of sheep near two men
1	a large group of sheep upon two men
0	As pedestrians move through a crowded town a herder moves his sheep.
1	as pedestrians move outside a crowded town a herder moves his sheep.
0	A rural wide street has sheep, bicycles and busses.
1	a urban wide street has sheep, bicycles and busses.
0	A youth on a toilet taking a "selfie" in a mirror.
1	a youth on a toilet taking a "selfie" under a mirror.
0	Someone sitting on the toilet in the bathroom holding their camera at the mirror.
1	someone sitting with the toilet in the bathroom holding their camera at the mirror.
0	The person is sitting on the unusual toilet in the bathroom.
1	the person is sitting on the unusual toilet over the bathroom.
0	A picture of the photographer sitting on the toilet
1	a picture of the photographer sitting upon the toilet
1	the person is sitting on the usual toilet in the bathroom.
0	A hot dog sitting on top of a white paper in a  bun.
1	a hot dog sitting on top of a white paper upon a bun.
0	Two hotdogs with toppings sitting on table next to a cup of drink
1	two hotdogs with toppings sitting over table next to a cup of drink
0	A couple of hotdogs that are on a table.
1	a couple of hotdogs that are behind a table.
0	Several motorcycles parked in a garage along the street
1	several motorcycles parked at a garage along the street
0	a group of dirt bikes parked next to each other under a covered area
1	a group of dirt bikes parked next to each other across a covered area
0	A paved path stretches through the grass under the cloudy sky.
1	a paved path stretches up the grass under the cloudy sky.
0	A cement walkway is beside a grassy field near a residential area.
1	a cement walkway is upon a grassy field near a residential area.
0	A narrow pathway leads to a residential area.
1	a dirty pathway leads to a residential area.
0	an empty park and bench beneath a partially cloudy sky
1	an empty park and bench beneath a altogether cloudy sky
0	three sheep grazing on an open field side by side
1	three sheep grazing upon an open field side by side
0	A ewe and two lambs graze in a green field.
1	a ewe and two lambs graze under a green field.
0	A giraffe standing in a lot filled with cars.
1	a giraffe standing over a lot filled with cars.
0	A giraffe curiously looking in to a minivan at a wildlife park
1	a giraffe curiously looking in to a minivan beside a wildlife park
0	People on the shore as boats sit in the water.
1	people beside the shore as boats sit in the water.
0	A bench that is shaped like a semi circle, with a man sitting in it.
1	a bench that is shaped like a semi circle, with a man sitting over it.
0	a close up of a giraffes head with a wooden wall in the background
1	a close underneath of a giraffes head with a wooden wall in the background
0	A Giraffe looking down in front of a fence.
1	a giraffe looking down over front of a fence.
0	A giraffe is pictured in front of a wooden fence.
1	a giraffe is pictured at front of a wooden fence.
0	A group of people stand in a dimly lit area between roads.
1	a group of people stand over a dimly lit area between roads.
0	A bus that is sitting on a street.
1	a bus that is sitting beside a street.
0	The creatively painted Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles van
1	the creatively unpainted teenage mutant ninja turtles van
0	A tour bus is parked on the curb waiting
1	a tour bus is parked upon the curb waiting
0	City bus parked on side of hotel in the rain.
1	city bus parked behind side of hotel in the rain.
0	bus parked under an awning next to brick sidewalk
1	bus parked across an awning next to brick sidewalk
0	A bus is parked on the curb in front of a building.
1	a bus is parked beside the curb in front of a building.
0	A red double decker bus is parked near the curb.
1	a red double decker bus is parked over the curb.
0	A red double-decker bus stopped on the street.
1	a red double-decker bus stopped beside the street.
0	Cows walking down a street near a tour bus.
1	cows walking down a street over a tour bus.
0	Cows walking in traffic down a city street.
1	cows walking upon traffic down a city street.
0	A yellow bus is on a street near a black guard rail.
1	a yellow bus is on a street in a black guard rail.
0	City buses on a city street in the dawn hours.
1	city buses over a city street in the dawn hours.
0	Two lambs that are standing in the grass.
1	two lambs that are standing at the grass.
0	The sheep are grazing on the grassy field.
1	the sheep are grazing upon the grassy field.
0	There are two sheep grazing on tall grass.
1	there are two sheep grazing beside tall grass.
0	Two shorn sheep graze on tall green grass in a sunny pasture.
1	two shorn sheep graze on tall green grass over a sunny pasture.
0	a herd of sheep stand and graze on some grass
1	a herd of sheep stand and graze behind some grass
0	A herd of sheep standing on top of a lush green field.
1	a herd of sheep standing beside top of a lush green field.
0	many sheep on the field feeding on the grass
1	many sheep on the field feeding over the grass
0	Four white sheep grazing in a green pasture.
1	four white sheep grazing upon a green pasture.
0	a public transit bus on a city street
1	a public transit bus in a city street
0	A bus is parked beside a street with several signs.
1	a bus is parked on a street with several signs.
0	A bus that is riding in the street underneath wires.
1	a bus that is riding under the street underneath wires.
0	a red and white passenger bus with a 'final destination 5' billboard on the side of it
1	a red and white passenger bus with a'final destination 5' billboard over the side of it
0	A red and white bus parked by the curb near palm trees.
1	a red and white bus parked by the curb below palm trees.
0	A close up of a red fire hydrant next to a light pole.
1	a close atop of a red fire hydrant next to a light pole.
0	A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
1	a red fire hydrant sitting with the side of a road.
0	Someone on a bike rides pass a a dual street light and a fire hydrant
1	someone beside a bike rides pass a a dual street light and a fire hydrant
0	A black and white double decker bus is on the road.
1	a black and white double decker bus is behind the road.
0	a fire hydrant in a field with trees in the background
1	a fire hydrant over a field with trees in the background
0	A fire hydrant is at the top of a hill.
1	a fire hydrant is upon the top of a hill.
0	A fire hydrant in the grass near the woods.
1	a fire hydrant in the grass across the woods.
0	A red fire hydrant is set up in a grassy clearing.
1	a red fire hydrant is set up beside a grassy clearing.
0	Two men and a woman sit on a park bench
1	two men and a woman sit behind a park bench
0	A black and white photo of two men and a woman on a bench.
1	a black and white photo of two men and a woman with a bench.
0	Service man sitting on park bench with two other people.
1	service man sitting upon park bench with two other people.
0	A woman is flanked by two men sitting on a bench in an outdoor area.
1	a woman is flanked by two men sitting beside a bench in an outdoor area.
0	A 1950's photo showing a two young men, one in military uniform, flanking a young woman on a bench
1	a woman is flanked by two men sitting on a bench in an indoor area.
1	a 1950's photo showing a two happy men, one in military uniform, flanking a young woman on a bench
0	A empty park bench that is near some flowers.
1	a empty park bench that is in some flowers.
0	A bench and seat in the middle of a park
1	a bench and seat upon the middle of a park
0	there are many black benches on the side of the grass
1	there are many black benches beside the side of the grass
0	a yellow and white fire hydrant near a building
1	a yellow and white fire hydrant below a building
0	A fire hydrant in front of a railroad track.
1	a fire hydrant under front of a railroad track.
0	A large bus is parked outside a building.
1	a large bus is parked towards a building.
0	A bus on the side of the street.
1	a bus in the side of the street.
0	a public transit bus on a city street
1	a public transit bus beside a city street
0	A double decker transit bus parks by a blue on the side of the street in front of a brick building in the city.
1	a double decker transit bus parks by a blue on the side of the street upon front of a brick building in the city.
0	there is a green bus that is stopped at the bus stop
1	there is a green bus that is stopped over the bus stop
0	A lime green bus parked in front of parking meters.
1	a lime green bus parked upon front of parking meters.
0	A green bus at a street with a tree by it.
1	a green bus at a street on a tree by it.
0	An orange and grey trolley on street next to a building.
1	an orange and grey trolley with street next to a building.
0	a big empty yellow bus in front of a store
1	a big empty yellow bus beside front of a store
0	An orange trolley is on the street next to a building with a lot of windows.
1	an orange trolley is behind the street next to a building with a lot of windows.
0	An oxen looking at a giraffe near some trees.
1	an oxen looking behind a giraffe near some trees.
0	A smaller bull is staring at the much bigger giraffe.
1	a smaller bull is staring over the much bigger giraffe.
0	A large bus is stopped at a red stoplight.
1	a large bus is stopped over a red stoplight.
0	A bus driving through a street intersection behind a car.
1	a bus driving through a street intersection beside a car.
0	A bus going through an intersection with trees and parked cars near the sidewalks
1	a bus going within an intersection with trees and parked cars near the sidewalks
0	A stop sign on the corner in front of a row of stores.
1	a stop sign on the corner upon front of a row of stores.
0	A stop sign in front of a large building.
1	a stop sign at front of a large building.
0	A stop sign with an Arabic translation on it.
1	a stop sign with an arabic translation behind it.
0	A stop sign is posted on the corner in two languages.
1	a stop sign is posted on the corner under two languages.
0	A STOP sign on a city street at night.
1	a stop sign with a city street at night.
0	A street sign with the name of a street on it, and next to it is a post with various names up and down the post.
1	a street sign on the name of a street on it, and next to it is a post with various names up and down the post.
0	A street sign stands besides a wooden post with many signs, both at the side of the road.
1	a street sign stands besides a wooden post with many signs, both beside the side of the road.
0	A street sign has a long row of peoples names on it.
1	a street sign has a short row of peoples names on it.
0	A truck crosses train tracks near an oncoming train.
1	a truck crosses train tracks below an oncoming train.
0	a truck on a train track with an oncoming train
1	a truck upon a train track with an oncoming train
0	A train on a train track running through a city.
1	a train in a train track running through a city.
0	Young boy carrying a broken baseball bat across baseball field.
1	young boy carrying a broken baseball bat below baseball field.
0	A little boy with a broken base ball bat walking on the field.
1	a little boy with a broken base ball bat walking in the field.
0	a boy walking with his broke bat in hand.
1	a boy walking with his broke bat beside hand.
0	A young boy holding a baseball bat and a  stick.
1	a happy boy holding a baseball bat and a stick.
1	happy boy carrying a broken baseball bat across baseball field.
0	A street sign on the corner of Brad Street
1	a street sign upon the corner of brad street
0	A street sign on a corner with two signs
1	a street sign over a corner with two signs
0	The train image on the wall is beautiful.
1	the train image over the wall is beautiful.
0	a painted mural on the wall of people waiting at the train station
1	a painted mural with the wall of people waiting at the train station
0	A mural of people at a train station.
1	a mural of people behind a train station.
0	Mural of past passengers and trains on a station wall
1	mural of past passengers and trains beside a station wall
0	A painting on the side of a wall of two different trains
1	the train image on the wall is ugly.
1	a unpainted mural on the wall of people waiting at the train station
1	a painting on the side of a wall of two like trains
0	An urban train passes swiftly by under a bridge
1	an urban train passes swiftly by near a bridge
0	a train speeding down a track in the city
1	a train speeding down a track over the city
0	Street signs on an empty city street intersection.
1	street signs behind an empty city street intersection.
0	A street sign at the crosswalk of a road.
1	a street sign beside the crosswalk of a road.
0	A street corner has a sign, and across the street is a store.
1	a street corner has a sign, and beside the street is a store.
0	This is an image of an elevated train in the city.
1	this is an image of an elevated train upon the city.
0	Several buildings are standing behind a bridge.
1	several buildings are standing across a bridge.
0	Two trains going in opposite directions on tracks over busy streets.
1	two trains going at opposite directions on tracks over busy streets.
0	Urban scene of elevated train going  over a busy street.
1	urban scene of elevated train going below a busy street.
0	Two people walking a way from a train waiting at a train station
1	two people walking a way from a train waiting behind a train station
0	a white and blue train is at a train stop
1	a white and blue train is beside a train stop
0	An engine train sitting idly on the tracks.
1	an engine train sitting idly in the tracks.
0	A white and blue train heading towards a sign in the foreground.
1	a white and blue train heading towards a sign at the foreground.
0	a train on a train track with a sky background
1	a train over a train track with a sky background
0	A train travelling on some train tracks on the edge of a town.
1	a train travelling behind some train tracks on the edge of a town.
0	A train is shown coming from trees on a track.
1	a train is shown coming from trees behind a track.
0	An electric  tower in front of buildings on the road.
1	an electric tower at front of buildings on the road.
0	A train riding pass a tower and a street with cars on it.
1	a train riding pass a tower and a street with cars with it.
0	A passenger train moves on tracks beside a freeway.
1	a passenger train moves in tracks beside a freeway.
0	Arabic writing is on a stop sign at an intersection.
1	arabic writing is beside a stop sign at an intersection.
0	a train is driving across the rails during daytime hours
1	a train is driving in the rails during daytime hours
0	A train is traveling on the train tracks.
1	a train is traveling beside the train tracks.
0	subway sitting on metal tracks next to walls
1	subway sitting behind metal tracks next to walls
0	A red stop sign sitting under a couple of street signs.
1	a red stop sign sitting across a couple of street signs.
0	a top sign sitting in a parking lot full of cars
1	a top sign sitting beside a parking lot full of cars
0	A stop sign stands at the corner of Sutter Street.
1	a stop sign stands upon the corner of sutter street.
0	A boy standing next to a fence in front of a vintage train.
1	a boy standing next to a fence at front of a vintage train.
0	Little kid leans against the gate in front of train
1	little kid leans against the gate beside front of train
0	The young child is standing by the fence outside.
1	the young child is standing on the fence outside.
0	A young boy leaning up against an iron fence.
1	a happy boy leaning up against an iron fence.
1	the happy child is standing by the fence outside.
0	a stop sign sits under neath some power lines
1	a stop sign sits across neath some power lines
0	a stop sign underneath some telephone wiring
1	a stop sign outside some telephone wiring
0	A red stop sign against some cables in a blue sky
1	a red stop sign against some cables over a blue sky
0	A red stop sign sitting below a cloudy blue sky.
1	a red stop sign sitting in a cloudy blue sky.
0	A stop sign that has a sticker on it.
1	a stop sign that has a sticker over it.
0	The long passenger train rides beside a chain link fence.
1	the long passenger train rides in a chain link fence.
0	A train moving through the tracks in the country.
1	a train moving through the tracks beside the country.
0	A train is riding along the train tracks in the valley.
1	a train is riding along the train tracks beside the valley.
1	the short passenger train rides beside a chain link fence.
0	A light rail moves through a Japanese city.
1	a light rail moves around` a japanese city.
0	A long white bus is heading through the station.
1	a long white bus is heading up the station.
0	a train that is on a road next to some buildings
1	a train that is in a road next to some buildings
1	a short white bus is heading through the station.
0	Grey long-haired cat sitting on a small stereo speaker.
1	grey long-haired cat sitting upon a small stereo speaker.
0	A gray cat sitting on a drawer looking toward a window.
1	a gray cat sitting in a drawer looking toward a window.
0	A grey cat sitting on wooden box in sunlight of window.
1	a grey cat sitting on wooden box at sunlight of window.
0	A cat that is sitting on top of a speaker.
1	a cat that is sitting in top of a speaker.
0	A long haired cat sitting next to an open door.
1	a short haired cat sitting next to an open door.
0	A cat that is laying down on a carpet.
1	a cat that is laying down behind a carpet.
0	A fluffy black cat lying down on a quilt on a bed
1	a fluffy black cat lying down in a quilt on a bed
0	A gray cat resting on a carpet on the floor
1	a gray cat resting behind a carpet on the floor
0	A cat laying on top of a bed on blanket.
1	a cat laying with top of a bed on blanket.
0	a cat lays down on a rug
1	a cat lays down upon a rug
0	A truck parked in a forest surrounded by trees.
1	a truck parked at a forest surrounded by trees.
0	A rusted vintage pickup truck sits in a field with a windmill in the background
1	a rusted vintage pickup truck sits in a field with a windmill over the background
0	A stylized photograph of a vintage truck parked in a dry field.
1	a stylized photograph of a vintage truck parked under a dry field.
0	An old truck with red and blue paint is in a field.
1	an old truck with red and blue paint is at a field.
0	an old truck sitting in the desert all painted
1	an old truck sitting over the desert all painted
0	The brown cat sits atop of the dark blue couch next to the window.
1	the brown cat sits outside of the dark blue couch next to the window.
0	A cat with glowing eyes sitting on the back of a couch.
1	a cat with glowing eyes sitting behind the back of a couch.
0	A tabby cat is lounging on the back of a chair with paw extended over.
1	a tabby cat is lounging beside the back of a chair with paw extended over.
0	A cow standing between two cars on a dirt lot.
1	a cow standing between two cars beside a dirt lot.
0	A picture of a cow standing outside of someone's car window.
1	a picture of a cow standing underneath of someone's car window.
0	A horned animal grazes outside of a car.
1	a horned animal grazes within of a car.
0	A small boat and chair on the beach.
1	a small boat and chair beside the beach.
0	Sailing boat tied up to a deck chair on the beach
1	sailing boat tied up to a deck chair over the beach
0	A small cow is walking down a path with an adult cow while a man in a red shirt watches.
1	a small cow is walking down a path on an adult cow while a man in a red shirt watches.
0	a number of people at a market with umbrellas
1	a number of people over a market with umbrellas
0	A group of food sellers at the edge of a waterway.
1	a group of food sellers over the edge of a waterway.
0	People on their canoe selling food by the river.
1	people beside their canoe selling food by the river.
0	A bunch of black umbrellas over some boats
1	a bunch of black umbrellas below some boats
0	A man splashing in the water with a giant umbrella.
1	a man splashing upon the water with a giant umbrella.
0	A man sitting in the water with a umbrella being severally splashed .
1	a man sitting at the water with a umbrella being severally splashed.
0	Man sitting on top of water with a large green umbrella.
1	man sitting in top of water with a large green umbrella.
0	A man being flooded with water sitting under a white and green umbrella.
1	a man being flooded with water sitting beside a white and green umbrella.
0	A black stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.
1	a black stove top oven sitting up of a kitchen.
0	Cat sitting on top of a vent in a kitchen over a stove.
1	cat sitting behind top of a vent in a kitchen over a stove.
0	A cat sitting on the awning above a stove
1	a cat sitting in the awning above a stove
0	A black and brown cat standing on air vent above a stove.
1	a black and brown cat standing beside air vent above a stove.
0	A family riding on the back of raft.
1	a family riding in the back of raft.
0	Two men paddle a raft with three children with them.
1	two men paddle a raft on three children with them.
0	A bunch of people that are sitting in a raft.
1	a bunch of people that are sitting upon a raft.
0	A group of people in a kayak rowing together
1	a group of people upon a kayak rowing together
0	A man is sitting in a raft with friends
1	a man is sitting upon a raft with friends
0	A group of men riding on top of a red boat.
1	a group of men riding beside top of a red boat.
0	A group of people rafting on a raft boat with their paddles.
1	a group of people rafting over a raft boat with their paddles.
0	some elephants standing near one another in a field
1	some elephants standing near one another under a field
0	Elephants standing on a dirt ground behind a fence.
1	elephants standing in a dirt ground behind a fence.
0	Some elephants in a field  with some trees.
1	some elephants over a field with some trees.
0	An elephant walking in a dirt area next to a fence.
1	an elephant walking at a dirt area next to a fence.
0	The elephant is walking on the sandy trail in the zoo.
1	the elephant is walking on the sandy trail under the zoo.
0	An elephant stands in an area next to a fence.
1	an elephant stands over an area next to a fence.
0	An elephant with decorations in captivity with people.
1	an elephant with decorations over captivity with people.
0	Several people looking at a decorated elephant on a platform.
1	several people looking at a decorated elephant with a platform.
0	A decorated elephant on display in a town plaza.
1	a decorated elephant on display at a town plaza.
0	A man scrubs down an elephant in a water hole.
1	a man scrubs down an elephant over a water hole.
0	The elephants and the young children are playing in the river.
1	the elephants and the young children are playing over the river.
0	A group of people join elephants in and near a water hole.
1	a group of people join elephants in and in a water hole.
1	the elephants and the happy children are playing in the river.
0	Two people are riding elephants beside some trees.
1	two people are riding elephants at some trees.
0	A man in helmet riding an elephant next to trees.
1	a man upon helmet riding an elephant next to trees.
0	A man that is on the back of a elephant.
1	a man that is upon the back of a elephant.
0	A man rides on top of an elephant's back.
1	a man rides behind top of an elephant's back.
0	people riding on the backs of some elephants
1	people riding in the backs of some elephants
0	A couple of people riding on the back of a horse carriage.
1	a couple of people riding upon the back of a horse carriage.
0	Two people and a dog are riding in a horse drawn cart.
1	two people and a dog are riding beside a horse drawn cart.
0	Two men in an automobile with a dog standing on the back of it.
1	two men in an automobile on a dog standing on the back of it.
0	a dog standing on a carriage behind two men
1	a dog standing with a carriage behind two men
0	A small child wearing a cat style hat and carrying an open umbrella over her shoulder.
1	a small child wearing a cat style hat and carrying an open umbrella upon her shoulder.
0	A photo of an outdoor with many things in the scene.
1	a photo of an outdoor with many things over the scene.
0	Two individuals, each on a horse, leading four other horses.
1	two individuals, each in a horse, leading four other horses.
0	A group of horses and two riders are walking in a field.
1	a group of horses and two riders are walking beside a field.
0	Two men leading a pack of horses in the sand.
1	two men leading a pack of horses at the sand.
0	Two men walking with a row of horses on sand.
1	two men walking with a row of horses in sand.
0	a man on a cart racing on a back of a horse
1	a man on a cart racing behind a back of a horse
0	A man rides behind a horse during a race.
1	a man rides near a horse during a race.
0	A pile of green bananas sitting on top of a table.
1	a pile of green bananas sitting with top of a table.
0	A large number of bananas for sale on a table
1	a large number of bananas for sale beside a table
0	The bananas are being sold for cheap at a farmers market
1	the bananas are being sold for cheap behind a farmers market
0	A white plate served on a multi colored table cloth
1	a white plate served beside a multi colored table cloth
0	The meal features steak and potatoes on the plate..
1	the meal features steak and potatoes with the plate..
0	A plate on a table with with different types of food.
1	a plate on a table with with like types of food.
0	Several bunches of hanging bananas in various stages of ripeness.
1	several bunches of hanging bananas beside various stages of ripeness.
0	A batter is swinging his bat while a catcher squats behind him.
1	a batter is swinging his bat while a catcher squats near him.
0	Vegetables and meat are cooking in the large wok.
1	vegetables and meat are cooking under the large wok.
0	a wok type skillet with various vegetables in it.
1	a wok type skillet on various vegetables in it.
0	A half eaten piece of fruit sitting on top of a table.
1	a half eaten piece of fruit sitting in top of a table.
0	A knife and a piece of fruit sits on a gorge black table.
1	a knife and a piece of fruit sits with a gorge black table.
0	A cut apple with a knife laying on top of it.
1	a cut apple with a knife laying behind top of it.
0	some snow boarders in blue jackets snow and trees
1	some snow boarders over blue jackets snow and trees
0	A group of young people riding snow boards down a snow covered hillside.
1	a group of happy people riding snow boards down a snow covered hillside.
0	a man in a blue shirt and red hat and a crate of yellow apples
1	a man upon a blue shirt and red hat and a crate of yellow apples
0	A man that has a skateboard in the air.
1	a man that has a skateboard at the air.
0	A MAN IS JUMPING ON HIS SKATE BOARD IN THE SKY
1	a man is jumping on his skate board over the sky
0	A boy jumping on a brick patterned ramp on his skateboard.
1	a boy jumping in a brick patterned ramp on his skateboard.
0	A photo of a man doing a trick on his skateboard.
1	a photo of a man doing a trick over his skateboard.
0	A man eating a hotdog in a crowded stadium.
1	a man eating a hotdog at a crowded stadium.
0	Man eating a hotdog at a crowded event with lots of other people
1	man eating a hotdog upon a crowded event with lots of other people
0	A man wearing a hat eating a hotdog at a sporting event.
1	a man wearing a hat eating a hotdog across a sporting event.
0	A man riding a skateboard over some steps.
1	a man riding a skateboard below some steps.
0	A young man skateboarding over a set of cement steps.
1	a young man skateboarding upon a set of cement steps.
1	a happy man skateboarding over a set of cement steps.
0	a close up of a hot dog on a plate near french fries
1	a close up of a hot dog behind a plate near french fries
0	a plate with a hot dog and some fries on it
1	a plate with a hot dog and some fries over it
0	a hot dog in a bun with ketchup on a plate with french fries
1	a hot dog in a bun with ketchup in a plate with french fries
0	A hotdog topped with ketchup with fries and a side of fresh fruit.
1	a hotdog topped on ketchup with fries and a side of fresh fruit.
0	A man standing next to a woman inside of a donut shop.
1	a man standing next to a woman up of a donut shop.
0	A woman is holding a box of doughnuts next to a man in glasses and a hat.
1	a woman is holding a box of doughnuts next to a man over glasses and a hat.
0	A man and woman in a bakery kitchen holding some donuts
1	a man and woman under a bakery kitchen holding some donuts
0	A foot long hot dog sitting on top of a bun.
1	a foot long hot dog sitting with top of a bun.
0	A hotdog with mustard and relish is being prepared in a food cart.
1	a hotdog on mustard and relish is being prepared in a food cart.
0	A hot dog that has some ketchup and mustard on it.
1	a hot dog that has some ketchup and mustard behind it.
0	The girl in the leopard jacket is eating a donut.
1	the girl beside the leopard jacket is eating a donut.
0	a baby sitting in a on a chair in a restaurant holding a doughnut
1	a baby sitting beside a on a chair in a restaurant holding a doughnut
0	a small child sitting at a table with a piece of food in her hand
1	a small child sitting behind a table with a piece of food in her hand
0	A man riding a boat on top of a swimming pool.
1	a man riding a boat behind top of a swimming pool.
0	A person in a kayak in a pool, playing volleyball.
1	a person in a kayak beside a pool, playing volleyball.
0	A guy in a kayak in a pool playing with a ball.
1	a guy in a kayak upon a pool playing with a ball.
0	A man in a kayak hitting a ball in the water
1	a man at a kayak hitting a ball in the water
0	a person in a small boat in a pool
1	a person in a small boat under a pool
0	Several people standing over two trays of donuts and cannolis.
1	several people standing upon two trays of donuts and cannolis.
0	a man holding a surf board at the beach
1	a man holding a surf board over the beach
0	The surfer in black suit hold surfboard standing at the entrance to the water.
1	the surfer in black suit hold surfboard standing beside the entrance to the water.
0	A surfer dressed in black carrying his board toward the water.
1	a surfer dressed at black carrying his board toward the water.
0	A man standing on top of a sandy beach near an upright surfboard.
1	a man standing on top of a sandy beach below an upright surfboard.
0	A surf board can be seen in the foreground and a man standing at the water can be seen in the background.
1	a surf board can be seen in the foreground and a man standing over the water can be seen in the background.
0	a young man is looking out at the distance at the ocean.
1	a young man is looking out over the distance at the ocean.
0	A man who is standing on a beach.
1	a man who is standing over a beach.
1	a happy man is looking out at the distance at the ocean.
0	A golden plate topped with strawberries covered in sauce.
1	a golden plate topped with strawberries covered upon sauce.
0	A number of strawberries on a green plate with sparklers.
1	a number of strawberries in a green plate with sparklers.
0	Some strawberries floating in a bowl of pudding with sparklers added.
1	some strawberries floating at a bowl of pudding with sparklers added.
0	A strawberry dish with two sparklers in it.
1	a strawberry dish with two sparklers upon it.
0	A man wears a wrap towel in a hospital room.
1	a man wears a wrap towel over a hospital room.
0	Man stands in front of hospital bed with a sheet wrapped around him.
1	man stands upon front of hospital bed with a sheet wrapped around him.
0	A man standing in a hospital room by a bed.
1	a man standing over a hospital room by a bed.
0	A man is standing in a hospital room with a sheet wrapped around him.
1	a man is standing under a hospital room with a sheet wrapped around him.
0	A man in a hospital standing by the bed
1	a man under a hospital standing by the bed
0	Food on a plate on a table
1	food on a plate behind a table
0	A flat bread pizza is placed on a plate.
1	a flat bread pizza is placed beside a plate.
0	A pizza that is sitting on a plate.
1	a pizza that is sitting upon a plate.
0	a man holding two fingers up with both hands
1	a man holding two fingers atop with both hands
0	Man posed behind a big salad bowl in a restaurant.
1	man posed across a big salad bowl in a restaurant.
0	A man in a restaurant makes the V sign with both hands.
1	a man at a restaurant makes the v sign with both hands.
0	Two plates with several pieces of pizza on each plate, and on the pizza is cheese, bacon and kale.
1	two plates with several pieces of pizza upon each plate, and on the pizza is cheese, bacon and kale.
0	A pizza sitting on top of a white plate.
1	a pizza sitting with top of a white plate.
0	A pizza that is sitting on a plate.
1	a pizza that is sitting in a plate.
0	there is a freshly made pizza being put on a white plate
1	there is a freshly made pizza being put upon a white plate
0	A pizza, with a saucy and leafy topping, on a plate on a dark brown table.
1	a pizza, with a saucy and leafy topping, on a plate behind a dark brown table.
0	A piece of food that is on a table.
1	a piece of food that is in a table.
0	A woman standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.
1	a woman standing in a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.
0	A tennis player taking aim for a hit at the ball.
1	a tennis player taking aim for a hit behind the ball.
0	A woman has just hit a tennis ball at an Olympic game.
1	a woman has just hit a tennis ball across an olympic game.
0	Two women walking on top of a tennis court holding tennis racquets.
1	two women walking in top of a tennis court holding tennis racquets.
0	Two women walking on a tennis court holding tennis rackets.
1	two women walking with a tennis court holding tennis rackets.
0	a couple of people play a game of tennis on a grass surface
1	a couple of people play a game of tennis over a grass surface
0	Two people in the midst of a tennis match on a grass court.
1	two people in the midst of a tennis match in a grass court.
0	Two men playing tennis on a grass field.
1	two men playing tennis over a grass field.
0	An athletic woman is playing tennis near a sport official.
1	an athletic woman is playing tennis in a sport official.
0	A woman taking a swing at a tennis ball
1	a woman taking a swing behind a tennis ball
0	A pizza sits on a plate with one piece taken out of it.
1	a pizza sits over a plate with one piece taken out of it.
0	A large pizza on a plate with forks
1	a large pizza behind a plate with forks
0	A pizza sitting on top of a metal pan on a table.
1	a pizza sitting over top of a metal pan on a table.
0	A picnic table with pizza on two trays
1	a picnic table with pizza beside two trays
0	A bald man in a bathroom brushing his teeth.
1	a bald man upon a bathroom brushing his teeth.
0	an old man brushing his teeth in his house
1	an old man brushing his teeth over his house
0	A man is brushing his teeth near a window.
1	a man is brushing his teeth in a window.
0	A baby girl brushing her teeth in a bathroom sink.
1	a baby girl brushing her teeth under a bathroom sink.
0	A toddler in the bathroom with a toothbrush in her mouth.
1	a toddler over the bathroom with a toothbrush in her mouth.
0	A little girl with a toothbrush in her mouth bending over a sink.
1	a little girl with a toothbrush in her mouth bending at a sink.
0	A young girl is brushing her teeth in a bathroom.
1	a happy girl is brushing her teeth in a bathroom.
0	The pillow is sitting on the grey couch.
1	the pillow is sitting in the grey couch.
0	Living room with sectional couch and modern decor.
1	living room with sectional couch and ancient decor.
0	A computer and two monitors sitting on a desk.
1	a computer and two monitors sitting with a desk.
0	someone has to do their work on three computers
1	someone has to do their work in three computers
0	A woman holding her cell phone tucked in a wool cover.
1	a woman holding her cell phone tucked under a wool cover.
0	A cell phone fits snugly in a crocheted phone case.
1	a cell phone fits snugly over a crocheted phone case.
0	It is winter, and this young woman wearing her cold weaterh coat also has her Smartphone in a handknitted sleeve.
1	it is winter, and this young woman wearing her cold weaterh coat also has her smartphone beside a handknitted sleeve.
1	it is winter, and this happy woman wearing her cold weaterh coat also has her smartphone in a handknitted sleeve.
0	A living room is set up in a dainty manner with sofas and loveseats
1	a living room is set up in a dainty manner on sofas and loveseats
0	a man is flying a kite at on the shore at the beach
1	a man is flying a kite beside on the shore at the beach
0	There is a person flying a kite on the beach.
1	there is a person flying a kite upon the beach.
0	A man flying a colorful kite over a sandy beach.
1	a man flying a colorful kite on a sandy beach.
0	People on the beach watching the parasailing in the water
1	people on the beach watching the parasailing under the water
0	a beach with a woman sitting in the sand guiding a kite
1	a beach with a woman sitting under the sand guiding a kite
0	A couple of young men standing next to each other on a street.
1	a couple of young men standing next to each other in a street.
0	Two young boys standing in brick paved street.
1	two young boys standing at brick paved street.
0	Two kids standing in the street next to the curb
1	two kids standing beside the street next to the curb
0	Two boys stand on a city street next to a curb.
1	two boys stand in a city street next to a curb.
1	a couple of happy men standing next to each other on a street.
1	two happy boys standing in brick paved street.
0	A classroom with desks and laptops with headphones on them.
1	a classroom with desks and laptops with headphones behind them.
0	A room with many tables, with multiple laptops with headphones on each.
1	a room with many tables, with multiple laptops with headphones with each.
0	A baseball player at bat in a stadium
1	a baseball player beside bat in a stadium
0	A baseball player in the batting box with the umpire and catcher.
1	a baseball player beside the batting box with the umpire and catcher.
0	A batter swinging a bat on a baseball field.
1	a batter swinging a bat over a baseball field.
0	A baseball player about to swing at a pitch.
1	a baseball player about to swing across a pitch.
0	An advertisement on a trailer of baseball player
1	an advertisement upon a trailer of baseball player
0	two cars parked in parking lot with a clock tower in the backgroound
1	two cars parked over parking lot with a clock tower in the backgroound
0	two red cars parked in a parking lot near a clock tower
1	two red cars parked in a parking lot over a clock tower
0	A man hugging a teddy bear while laying on a couch.
1	a man hugging a teddy bear while laying upon a couch.
0	A man asleep on a couch holding a teddy bear.
1	a man asleep beside a couch holding a teddy bear.
0	A man holding a teddy bear sleeping on a green plaid couch.
1	a man holding a teddy bear sleeping with a green plaid couch.
0	A man in a red shirt sleeps on a couch holding a teddy bear.
1	a man in a red shirt sleeps over a couch holding a teddy bear.
0	A mouse sitting on book, with a Microsoft logo on it.
1	a mouse sitting behind book, with a microsoft logo on it.
0	THIS IS A PHOTO OF A MOUSE ON TOP OF A BOOK
1	this is a photo of a mouse with top of a book
0	A computer mouse is sitting on the page of a book.
1	a computer mouse is sitting over the page of a book.
0	this is a mouse on a page on a table
1	this is a mouse on a page in a table
0	A mouse sitting on a book under an illustration of a tree.
1	a mouse sitting behind a book under an illustration of a tree.
0	a woman talking on a cell phone in a resturant
1	a woman talking upon a cell phone in a resturant
0	A woman sitting down talking on her cell phone.
1	a woman sitting down talking over her cell phone.
0	A woman is talking on her cell phone in the middle of a restaurant.
1	a woman is talking with her cell phone in the middle of a restaurant.
0	A gray haired woman talking on a cell phone.
1	a gray haired woman talking behind a cell phone.
0	A cell phone flipped open near a lamp.
1	a cell phone flipped open across a lamp.
0	A flip up cell phone with keypad on top of a book
1	a flip up cell phone with keypad in top of a book
0	A grey flip phone on a table next to a lamp.
1	a grey flip phone beside a table next to a lamp.
0	An electronic device on a table next to a lamp.
1	an electronic device with a table next to a lamp.
0	A smart device sitting on top of a brick counter.
1	a dumb device sitting on top of a brick counter.
0	A man talking on an old ass cell phone from the 80s.
1	a man talking behind an old ass cell phone from the 80s.
0	A man talking on an old style cell phone.
1	a man talking in an old style cell phone.
0	A man is talking on an old cellular phone.
1	a man is talking upon an old cellular phone.
0	The man is talking on an old school cellular phone.
1	the man is talking behind an old school cellular phone.
0	Vase sitting next to the window with droopy flowers in it.
1	vase sitting next to the window on droopy flowers in it.
0	Various supplies and food on a carpet that include water bottles and pens.
1	various supplies and food behind a carpet that include water bottles and pens.
0	School supplies laid out on a carpet before the school year.
1	school supplies laid out upon a carpet before the school year.
0	School supplies, food, and hygiene products are laid out on carpet.
1	school supplies, food, and hygiene products are laid out over carpet.
0	a large vase with a big colorful boquet sitting on a table
1	a large vase with a big colorful boquet sitting in a table
0	A large vase of flowers in front of a wall.
1	a large vase of flowers beside front of a wall.
0	a close up of a vase with many different flowers in it
1	a close up of a vase on many different flowers in it
0	A vase full of flowers of different colors.
1	a vase full of flowers of like colors.
1	a close up of a vase with many like flowers in it
0	An old clock with Roman numerals in a tower.
1	an old clock with roman numerals at a tower.
0	A high tower with a point on top has a clock near the top.
1	a high tower on a point on top has a clock near the top.
0	A round clock on a colorful tower near a harbor.
1	a round clock on a colorful tower in a harbor.
0	A large clock tower is lit up on a shore.
1	a large clock tower is lit up beside a shore.
0	A tall clock tower stands near a body of water and a light post.
1	a tall clock tower stands in a body of water and a light post.
0	The two figurines and bells are under the clock.
1	the two figurines and bells are below the clock.
0	A stone building with a large clock on it's face.
1	a stone building with a large clock in it's face.
0	A clock, bells and wall sculpture on a building.
1	a clock, bells and wall sculpture beside a building.
0	A metal vase sitting on top of a  wooden desk.
1	a metal vase sitting with top of a wooden desk.
0	Artificial decoration in a silver vase sitting by a plant.
1	artificial decoration under a silver vase sitting by a plant.
0	A slender silver vase holds a simple arrangement of branches with silver leaves.
1	a slender silver vase holds a hard arrangement of branches with silver leaves.
0	The nine people smile as they sit at a dinner table.
1	the nine people smile as they sit beside a dinner table.
0	Co-workers often get together after a long day at work.
1	co-workers often get together after a long day over work.
1	co-workers often get together after a short day at work.
0	Old black and white image of a man on a motorcycle
1	old black and white image of a man in a motorcycle
0	The man is posing for a picture on his motorcycle.
1	the man is posing for a picture in his motorcycle.
0	A man in a hat on a motorcycle.
1	a man under a hat on a motorcycle.
0	The woman is working on her laptop while the man is on the cell phone.
1	the woman is working on her laptop while the man is behind the cell phone.
0	a couple of people that has hard hats on
1	a couple of people that has hard hats upon
0	Woman with laptop near man on cell phone dressed in construction worker gear.
1	woman with laptop near man over cell phone dressed in construction worker gear.
0	Two people are standing together in bright yellow vests.
1	two people are standing together beside bright yellow vests.
1	a couple of people that has simple hats on
0	a person that is playing his guitar in a room
1	a person that is playing his guitar over a room
0	A man posing for his photo with a guitar in front of his computer.
1	a man posing for his photo with a guitar upon front of his computer.
0	a compact kitchen with stainless-steel cabinets behind glass blocks
1	a compact kitchen with stainless-steel cabinets near glass blocks
0	A very small galley style kitchen with glass blocks in the wall.
1	a very small galley style kitchen with glass blocks under the wall.
0	A stove and a microwave in a kitchen.
1	a stove and a microwave at a kitchen.
0	A newly remodeled kitchen in a new home.
1	a newly remodeled kitchen over a new home.
0	a close up of a person cutting plants
1	a close towards of a person cutting plants
0	Person taking green vegetables over sink and clean them.
1	person taking green vegetables at sink and clean them.
0	There is green vegetable chopped up on a table
1	there is green vegetable chopped up in a table
0	A bathroom with a large bathtub and sink under a large mirror.
1	a bathroom with a large bathtub and sink across a large mirror.
0	A bathtub in front of a large mirror.
1	a bathtub beside front of a large mirror.
0	A bath tub sitting next to a toilet under a window.
1	a bath tub sitting next to a toilet behind a window.
0	A baby bath tub is inside the regular bathtub.
1	a baby bath tub is around` the regular bathtub.
0	A group of bicycles on a subway train.
1	a group of bicycles over a subway train.
0	Bicycles sit solidarity on a train car against the window
1	bicycles sit solidarity over a train car against the window
0	A clock on a pedestal in a parking lot with people walking with bags.
1	a clock on a pedestal in a parking lot with people walking on bags.
0	A very big pretty clock on a pole near the street.
1	a very big pretty clock on a pole below the street.
0	A bowl that has soup and a spoon in it.
1	a bowl that has soup and a spoon upon it.
0	A spoon resting on the edge of a bowl of soup.
1	a spoon resting beside the edge of a bowl of soup.
0	A bowl of vegetable and rice soup with a spoon in it.
1	a bowl of vegetable and rice soup with a spoon over it.
0	An orange and blue bus parked on the side of a road.
1	an orange and blue bus parked beside the side of a road.
0	A mobile library bus drives on the road.
1	a mobile library bus drives with the road.
0	A bus that is sitting in the street near grass.
1	a bus that is sitting in the street in grass.
0	A young boy stands in the middle of a pack of motorbikes.
1	a young boy stands over the middle of a pack of motorbikes.
0	A young boy stands next to a row of parked motorcycles.
1	a happy boy stands next to a row of parked motorcycles.
1	a happy boy stands in the middle of a pack of motorbikes.
0	Closed toilet in small yellow bathroom bathed in sunlight from a window.
1	closed toilet in small yellow bathroom bathed under sunlight from a window.
0	A stoic looking cat sits in a green bowl.
1	a stoic looking cat sits upon a green bowl.
0	A black and white cat sitting in a green bowl.
1	a black and white cat sitting at a green bowl.
0	A cat laying on a bowl on a table in front of a fish tank.
1	a cat laying with a bowl on a table in front of a fish tank.
0	A cat resting inside a bowl next to different household items.
1	a cat resting beneath a bowl next to different household items.
1	a cat resting inside a bowl next to like household items.
0	A Singapore Airlines jetliner sits on a runway with baggage carts nearby.
1	a singapore airlines jetliner sits over a runway with baggage carts nearby.
0	An airplane sitting on the runway on a cloudy day
1	an airplane sitting on the runway upon a cloudy day
0	Benches line the sidewalk of a city park in autumn.
1	benches line the sidewalk of a city park upon autumn.
0	A park is full of patrons on a fall day.
1	a park is full of patrons over a fall day.
0	Many people walking in a park in autumn.
1	many people walking in a park under autumn.
0	A central park area with benches and trees in the middle of a city.
1	a central park area with benches and trees beside the middle of a city.
0	Leaves are falling from trees in a park type setting.
1	leaves are falling from trees at a park type setting.
1	a peripheral park area with benches and trees in the middle of a city.
0	A giraffe is standing alongside the road staring at an oncoming vehicle.
1	a giraffe is standing alongside the road staring over an oncoming vehicle.
0	A large jetliner flying over a small farm near a forest.
1	a large jetliner flying on a small farm near a forest.
0	A commercial jet flying low over a residential house
1	a commercial jet flying low on a residential house
0	An airplane flying low over a rural area.
1	an airplane flying low over a urban area.
0	Two men are sitting on a wooden crate with a cow next to them.
1	two men are sitting behind a wooden crate with a cow next to them.
0	Two men are sitting on a wooden crate near a cow.
1	two men are sitting on a wooden crate in a cow.
0	A lush green hillside covered in cows grazing.
1	a lush green hillside covered over cows grazing.
0	Four sheep are grazing on a green hillside.
1	four sheep are grazing in a green hillside.
0	Sheep grazing on a green hillside in the grass with trees and small hills in the distance.
1	sheep grazing on a green hillside under the grass with trees and small hills in the distance.
0	Four sheep graze in a hilly field while the sky above them is blue with wispy clouds.
1	four sheep graze over a hilly field while the sky above them is blue with wispy clouds.
0	A Disney bus passes underneath the green monorail
1	a disney bus passes outside the green monorail
0	A Disney bus driving across the concrete and making a turn.
1	a disney bus driving upon the concrete and making a turn.
0	People putting luggage onto a bus outside beside a building
1	people putting luggage onto a bus outside on a building
0	A bus being loaded with bags of luggage parked in front of a building.
1	a bus being loaded on bags of luggage parked in front of a building.
0	A VERY BIG TRAVEL BUS WITH PASSENGERS  WAITING ON THEIR LUGGAGE.
1	a very big travel bus with passengers waiting beside their luggage.
0	Two buses parked next to each other in front of a building.
1	two buses parked next to each other at front of a building.
0	Elderly women debark a bus at a station.
1	elderly women debark a bus behind a station.
0	a fake sheep on green grass and flowers in the background
1	a fake sheep on green grass and flowers under the background
0	A sheep standing in a garden next to a table and chair.
1	a sheep standing under a garden next to a table and chair.
0	A dinner party draped in sheer drapes and adorned with stuffed farm animals.
1	a dinner party draped beside sheer drapes and adorned with stuffed farm animals.
0	A rooster Is placed outside,near a dining table.
1	a rooster is placed underneath, near a dining table.
0	A decorated garden with a sheep standing in it.
1	a decorated garden with a sheep standing under it.
0	a close up of a chicken cooking in an oven
1	a close up of a chicken cooking under an oven
0	A whole chicken in roasting in an oven.
1	a whole chicken in roasting beside an oven.
0	A whole chicken roasting with a thermometer stick in it.
1	a whole chicken roasting with a thermometer stick beside it.
0	A chicken has a meat thermometer in it.
1	a chicken has a meat thermometer upon it.
0	a large cat resting on a cardboard box next to a mirror on the wall
1	a large cat resting on a cardboard box next to a mirror behind the wall
0	A brown and white cat laying beside a mirror.
1	a brown and white cat laying behind a mirror.
0	A cat is sitting on a cardboard box next to a mirror.
1	a cat is sitting beside a cardboard box next to a mirror.
0	A man sitting at a table with glasses of beer on them.
1	a man sitting at a table with glasses of beer beside them.
0	The man in the large hat is drinking near many glasses of dark beer.
1	the man in the large hat is drinking in many glasses of dark beer.
0	A bird perched on the side of a lake near grass.
1	a bird perched over the side of a lake near grass.
0	a black bird standing on the edge looking into the water
1	a black bird standing upon the edge looking into the water
0	A bird with a red and yellow beak leaning over to some water.
1	a bird with a red and yellow beak leaning on to some water.
0	a building that has a sign on the outside of it
1	a building that has a sign over the outside of it
0	a neon sign hanging in the front of a store
1	a neon sign hanging at the front of a store
0	A train traveling past a brick wall near a tank.
1	a train traveling past a brick wall across a tank.
0	A very nice looking train on the tracks.
1	a very nice looking train beside the tracks.
0	a train moving on railway line  moving very fast
1	a train moving behind railway line moving very fast
0	A blue and yellow train is sitting on some railroad tracks.
1	a blue and yellow train is sitting in some railroad tracks.
0	A train sits on the tracks at the train station.
1	a train sits behind the tracks at the train station.
0	a yellow red and silver train on its track and some wires
1	a yellow red and silver train behind its track and some wires
0	A long train traveling slowly on the railroad.
1	a short train traveling slowly on the railroad.
1	a long train traveling quickly on the railroad.
0	Sparse grass grows in the sandy area between the train tracks.
1	sparse grass grows beside the sandy area between the train tracks.
0	People gathered around small trains used at an amusement park
1	people gathered around small trains used over an amusement park
0	Group of people standing near or riding a very small train engine.
1	group of people standing upon or riding a very small train engine.
0	A conductor assessing a green train in a private lot.
1	a conductor assessing a green train upon a private lot.
0	Train engineer standing near small working train engine.
1	train engineer standing below small working train engine.
0	A green train on the tracks with people near.
1	a green train in the tracks with people near.
0	a train near a platform and people walking
1	a train upon a platform and people walking
0	People walk on the platform beside two trains that are beside one another.
1	people walk beside the platform beside two trains that are beside one another.
0	A passenger train waits at the platform for passengers.
1	a passenger train waits behind the platform for passengers.
0	A train arrives next to another train in a station.
1	a train arrives next to another train upon a station.
0	A train stopped at the station to pick up passengers.
1	a train stopped upon the station to pick up passengers.
0	A white and yellow train at a train station.
1	a white and yellow train across a train station.
0	A train on a track next to a platform.
1	a train beside a track next to a platform.
0	A long train sits at the station waiting for it's departure.
1	a long train sits beside the station waiting for it's departure.
0	A train that is in front of the train station.
1	a train that is at front of the train station.
1	a short train sits at the station waiting for it's departure.
0	a brown and yellow train traveling on train tracks
1	a brown and yellow train traveling beside train tracks
0	a yellow and red trains engine on its track and trees and signs
1	a yellow and red trains engine in its track and trees and signs
0	The train engine is different than the ones we have in the USA.
1	the train engine is different than the ones we have at the usa.
1	the train engine is like than the ones we have in the usa.
0	A commuting train movig through a rail yard with tracks on
1	a commuting train movig up a rail yard with tracks on
0	A small red and yellow train engine on the track.
1	a small red and yellow train engine beside the track.
0	Red and yellow train car on the tracks by itself.
1	red and yellow train car behind the tracks by itself.
0	A train traveling through a rural country side covered in grass.
1	a train traveling through a rural country side covered upon grass.
1	a train traveling through a urban country side covered in grass.
0	A train is shown stopped at a train station.
1	a train is shown stopped beside a train station.
0	The train is passing under the large platform.
1	the train is passing beside the large platform.
0	A train sits at an outdoor station in the city.
1	a train sits at an indoor station in the city.
0	a train on a track near a platform
1	a train on a track below a platform
0	A train traveling under a bridge next to a  platform.
1	a train traveling beside a bridge next to a platform.
0	A different color train going under a bridge.
1	a different color train going below a bridge.
1	a like color train going under a bridge.
0	A train traveling through the lush green countryside.
1	a train traveling outside the lush green countryside.
0	A train on a ridge passing along a fenced farm area.
1	a train in a ridge passing along a fenced farm area.
0	this is trains passing each other on the tracks
1	this is trains passing each other upon the tracks
0	Two trains that are sitting on the tracks.
1	two trains that are sitting over the tracks.
0	Two electric trains pass each other on the tracks.
1	two electric trains pass each other behind the tracks.
0	Two old trains on a train track heading in opposite directions.
1	two old trains in a train track heading in opposite directions.
0	Cars and buses seen through the reflection of a window
1	cars and buses seen up the reflection of a window
0	Two windows reflecting a red bus in front of a black car on a street.
1	two windows reflecting a red bus in front of a black car over a street.
0	Windows reflect cars sitting in traffic on a road next to an old building.
1	windows reflect cars sitting in traffic upon a road next to an old building.
0	A cat sitting on a blanket on a table.
1	a cat sitting behind a blanket on a table.
0	A black and white cat is sitting on a blanket.
1	a black and white cat is sitting with a blanket.
0	A black and white cat standing on a white sheet outside of a cage.
1	a black and white cat standing behind a white sheet outside of a cage.
0	A cat sitting on a table outside with a dog laying on the ground
1	a cat sitting on a table outside with a dog laying behind the ground
0	A cat sits on a table while a dog lays on the ground in a yard.
1	a cat sits on a table while a dog lays behind the ground in a yard.
0	Kitteh and Puppeh enjoying a lazy day outside
1	kitteh and puppeh enjoying a lazy day inside
0	a small cat is sitting on a table outside with a dog
1	a small cat is sitting over a table outside with a dog
0	A man leads a long-haired bull with a rope in a competition.
1	a man leads a long-haired bull with a rope upon a competition.
0	A man leading a cow in a show ring.
1	a man leading a cow under a show ring.
0	A man in a lab coat walks a longhorn cow around a show ring.
1	a man over a lab coat walks a longhorn cow around a show ring.
0	A man in a white coat walks a Yak on a grassy lawn
1	a man in a white coat walks a yak over a grassy lawn
0	A herd of animals standing on top of a lush green field.
1	a herd of animals standing beside top of a lush green field.
0	Cows grazing in a field on a sunny day.
1	cows grazing in a field in a sunny day.
0	A herd of animals grazing in a big grassy field.
1	a herd of animals grazing at a big grassy field.
0	Black cows standing in the grass of a pasture.
1	black cows standing over the grass of a pasture.
0	A couple of black cows standing on the top of a grassy hill.
1	a couple of black cows standing over the top of a grassy hill.
0	Two cows in a large green grassy field.
1	two cows at a large green grassy field.
0	Two cows are in a pasture and one is reaching his head to the side.
1	two cows are at a pasture and one is reaching his head to the side.
0	Green fields with shrubs and gentle rises and dips in the terrain has a large black cow standing on it, face-front, and a second one that is looking around at the other one.
1	green fields with shrubs and gentle rises and dips beside the terrain has a large black cow standing on it, face-front, and a second one that is looking around at the other one.
0	A dog draped in a blue blanket on a boat.
1	a dog draped in a blue blanket over a boat.
0	A close-up of a dog in a boat wearing clothing.
1	a close-up of a dog at a boat wearing clothing.
0	A dog is floating on a boat in a river.
1	a dog is floating on a boat upon a river.
0	Cat sitting right next to keyboard on laptop
1	cat sitting right next to keyboard behind laptop
0	A cat is sitting on a table next to laptop.
1	a cat is sitting with a table next to laptop.
0	The orange cat is sitting on the laptop.
1	the orange cat is sitting beside the laptop.
0	Two small green boats on a platform in the woods.
1	two small green boats over a platform in the woods.
0	A green coat flipped upside down on top of a beach.
1	a green coat flipped upside down over top of a beach.
0	there are two green small boats in the woods
1	there are two green small boats beside the woods
0	a man in glasses and a tie stand on concrete
1	a man at glasses and a tie stand on concrete
0	A man in a tie and slacks standing in an open area
1	a man in a tie and slacks standing over an open area
0	A man posing for the camera with a red tie on.
1	a man posing for the camera with a red tie with.
0	A man in a red tie standing in front of a festival.
1	a man beside a red tie standing in front of a festival.
0	A worker stands near umbrellas depicting animal faces.
1	a worker stands over umbrellas depicting animal faces.
0	People walk under colored umbrellas suspended in the air.
1	people walk near colored umbrellas suspended in the air.
0	People walk on a sidewalk below many multicolored umbrellas.
1	people walk in a sidewalk below many multicolored umbrellas.
0	A display of different colored umbrella's in a walk way.
1	a display of like colored umbrella's in a walk way.
0	A sailboat with a dragon on it and the word Tolkien
1	a sailboat with a dragon in it and the word tolkien
0	People stand on a boat named after JRR Tolkien.
1	people stand in a boat named after jrr tolkien.
0	a boat named after author j.r. tolkien with a dragon painted on it
1	a boat named after author j.r. tolkien with a dragon painted with it
0	A man riding on the back of an elephant through a city street.
1	a man riding beside the back of an elephant through a city street.
0	Man riding on the back of a painted elephant.
1	man riding upon the back of a painted elephant.
0	A man in colorful clothing riding a painted elephant.
1	a man under colorful clothing riding a painted elephant.
0	a man in a white shirt is riding an elephant and some buildings
1	a man under a white shirt is riding an elephant and some buildings
1	man riding on the back of a unpainted elephant.
0	A group of elephants walking down a street with people on them.
1	a group of elephants walking down a street on people on them.
0	A small herd of elephants with saddles walk through a door in a city.
1	a small herd of elephants with saddles walk through a door beside a city.
0	A group of men riding on the backs of elephants.
1	a group of men riding with the backs of elephants.
0	A bike with a basket sitting on snow covered ground.
1	a bike with a basket sitting upon snow covered ground.
0	A bicycle with a basket is parked on a snowy path.
1	a bicycle with a basket is parked with a snowy path.
0	a bike with a basket parked on a snowy surface
1	a bike on a basket parked on a snowy surface
0	A snow covered road with a bicycle in the middle.
1	a snow covered road with a bicycle over the middle.
0	A BIKE IS ON THE STREET WITH A LOT OF SNOW
1	a bike is upon the street with a lot of snow
0	A man standing with an umbrella in one hand and a flashlight in the other
1	a man standing on an umbrella in one hand and a flashlight in the other
0	A woman holding a child on her hip in the water
1	a woman holding a child on her hip beside the water
0	A woman standing in the water holding her child on her hip.
1	a woman standing in the water holding her child over her hip.
0	A woman is holding a child in the water with another child nearby.
1	a woman is holding a child beside the water with another child nearby.
0	A group of people, mostly young kids playing in the water.
1	a group of people, mostly happy kids playing in the water.
0	A man standing on a paddle boat with his dog on the front end of it.
1	a man standing on a paddle boat on his dog on the front end of it.
0	Two people in a long kayak, and a man and a dog standing on some kind of small boat.
1	two people in a long kayak, and a man and a dog standing upon some kind of small boat.
0	Group of people paddling boats on water in front of a city.
1	group of people paddling boats in water in front of a city.
0	an image of people in the water rowing on canoes
1	an image of people in the water rowing upon canoes
1	two people in a short kayak, and a man and a dog standing on some kind of small boat.
0	A partially eaten banana face down on cement about to be stepped on by a shoe.
1	a partially eaten banana face down with cement about to be stepped on by a shoe.
1	a altogether eaten banana face down on cement about to be stepped on by a shoe.
0	a person riding a horse jumping over an obstacle
1	a person riding a horse jumping upon an obstacle
0	A man riding on the back of a brown horse.
1	a man riding beside the back of a brown horse.
0	Horse and rider jumping rails during outdoor event.
1	horse and rider jumping rails during indoor event.
0	A large black horse standing on a field filled with green and brown grass.
1	a large black horse standing with a field filled with green and brown grass.
0	A BLACK HORSE IN THE GROUND IN A HILLY AREA.
1	a black horse over the ground in a hilly area.
0	A large, totally black horse standing in a field.
1	a large, totally black horse standing under a field.
0	A large black horse has a long mane of hair.
1	a large black horse has a short mane of hair.
1	a large, partially black horse standing in a field.
0	Two draft horses pulling plow, color, under cloudy skies with trees and other horses in background.
1	two draft horses pulling plow, color, under cloudy skies on trees and other horses in background.
0	Two brown horses pull a plow, steered by a man behind.
1	two brown horses pull a plow, steered by a man across.
0	two horses in a field behind a fence
1	two horses in a field across a fence
0	two horses walking in field with gate in background
1	two horses walking under field with gate in background
0	A white horse standing next to a brown horse on a field.
1	a white horse standing next to a brown horse upon a field.
0	An adult and young horse interacting in a field of grass.
1	an adult and happy horse interacting in a field of grass.
0	A colt is standing by another horse in a pasture.
1	a colt is standing on another horse in a pasture.
0	A calf leaning on an adult horse in a pasture.
1	a calf leaning on an adult horse upon a pasture.
0	A large brown adult horse next to a young horse.
1	a large brown adult horse next to a happy horse.
0	People in old fashioned outfits watching a parade.
1	people beside old fashioned outfits watching a parade.
0	People wearing old Western-styled dress stand aside the road as a horse-drawn carriage in a parade passes by.
1	people wearing old western-styled dress stand aside the road as a horse-drawn carriage over a parade passes by.
0	The people in old fashioned costumes are watching the horse and buggy.
1	the people beside old fashioned costumes are watching the horse and buggy.
0	A woman riding on the back of a brown horse over an obstacle.
1	a woman riding on the back of a brown horse at an obstacle.
0	A horse rider on a brown horse going over a tall jump.
1	a horse rider with a brown horse going over a tall jump.
0	A woman on a horse jumping a bar on a course.
1	a woman over a horse jumping a bar on a course.
0	A female equestrian on a brown horse, jumping over a double hurdle.
1	a female equestrian beside a brown horse, jumping over a double hurdle.
0	a couple of horses with a man standing on top
1	a couple of horses with a man standing in top
0	A carriage drawn by Clydesdales is driven by men in top hats and fancy coats.
1	a carriage drawn by clydesdales is driven by men at top hats and fancy coats.
0	A man is standing on a carriage pulled by four ponies.
1	a man is standing over a carriage pulled by four ponies.
0	People with top hats on top of horses while people watch.
1	people with top hats over top of horses while people watch.
0	Two large brown horses pulling a cart with people on it.
1	two large brown horses pulling a cart with people behind it.
0	A brown horse being jumped over a fence rail in a competition.
1	a brown horse being jumped on a fence rail in a competition.
0	A woman in grey shirt riding a brown horse over a barrier.
1	a woman in grey shirt riding a brown horse near a barrier.
0	a horse rider on a brown horse jumping a hurdle
1	a horse rider in a brown horse jumping a hurdle
0	A rider on a horse in a green field.
1	a rider in a horse in a green field.
0	A person is riding on a horse in a field.
1	a person is riding in a horse in a field.
0	A woman walking a horse in a grassy field.
1	a woman walking a horse at a grassy field.
0	A man that is sitting on the back of a horse.
1	a man that is sitting in the back of a horse.
0	A young person ridding a horse jumps a gate in a competition.
1	a young person ridding a horse jumps a gate at a competition.
0	A woman is riding a horse as it jumps over a bar.
1	a woman is riding a horse as it jumps at a bar.
0	there is a woman jockey riding a hose over the hurdle
1	there is a woman jockey riding a hose upon the hurdle
1	a happy person ridding a horse jumps a gate in a competition.
0	A New York Yankees player swings at a pitch
1	a new york yankees player swings upon a pitch
0	a baseball player taking a swing at a ball.
1	a baseball player taking a swing beside a ball.
0	Player taking swing at pitch during major baseball event.
1	player taking swing behind pitch during major baseball event.
0	A made bed in a room with the lights left on.
1	a made bed in a room with the lights left over.
0	A bed in a clean bedroom is pictured.
1	a bed over a clean bedroom is pictured.
0	A person on a snow ski slope with skis on.
1	a person over a snow ski slope with skis on.
0	A group of skiers gathered on the ski slope getting ready to ski.
1	a group of skiers gathered beside the ski slope getting ready to ski.
0	a male snow skier in a black jacket  and some other people
1	a male snow skier beside a black jacket and some other people
0	A man is apart of a skiing competition on a snowy day.
1	a man is apart of a skiing competition in a snowy day.
0	A man poses for a picture on a snowy mountain on skis.
1	a man poses for a picture beside a snowy mountain on skis.
0	A pile of fruit  on a large display.
1	a pile of fruit over a large display.
0	Mixed group of vegetables sitting on a counter top.
1	mixed group of vegetables sitting upon a counter top.
0	Assortment of different vegetables piled onto a table.
1	assortment of like vegetables piled onto a table.
0	A pitcher throws a baseball to a waiting batter, catcher and umpire at a park.
1	a pitcher throws a baseball to a waiting batter, catcher and umpire behind a park.
0	The players are involved in a very intense game.
1	the players are involved over a very intense game.
0	A close up view of a man's legs and feet on a skateboard.
1	a close up view of a man's legs and feet over a skateboard.
0	A person in sneakers is riding a skateboard.
1	a person beside sneakers is riding a skateboard.
0	Someone riding a skateboard on pavement on a sunny day.
1	someone riding a skateboard on pavement over a sunny day.
0	A pair of legs are shown on a skateboard on a street.
1	a pair of legs are shown over a skateboard on a street.
0	A boy on an off road skateboard coming down a green grass hill with trees behind him.
1	a boy on an off road skateboard coming down a green grass hill with trees in him.
0	there is a man riding a skateboard in the grass
1	there is a man riding a skateboard beside the grass
0	The young person is skateboarding down a grassy hill.
1	the happy person is skateboarding down a grassy hill.
0	A interesting variety of foods in containers for lunch.
1	a interesting variety of foods beside containers for lunch.
0	A child's meal in plastic containers with a few side items.
1	a child's meal at plastic containers with a few side items.
0	containers with fruit, candy and pastries in them.
1	containers with fruit, candy and pastries beside them.
0	A man in the street jumping on a skateboard.
1	a man over the street jumping on a skateboard.
0	A boy is doing a trick on his skateboard on the street.
1	a boy is doing a trick with his skateboard on the street.
0	A young boy riding on a skate board.
1	a happy boy riding on a skate board.
0	A man in sunglasses doing tricks on his skateboard.
1	a man in sunglasses doing tricks upon his skateboard.
0	A skate boarder rises on the crest of a concrete wall
1	a skate boarder rises in the crest of a concrete wall
0	A man in grey shirt riding a skateboard on a ramp.
1	a man upon grey shirt riding a skateboard on a ramp.
0	The skateboarder might be in trouble on the thin railing.
1	the skateboarder might be over trouble on the thin railing.
0	A man on a skateboard performs a trick on the stair rail.
1	a man upon a skateboard performs a trick on the stair rail.
0	A person with a skateboard is jumping over a red object.
1	a person with a skateboard is jumping near a red object.
0	The young man is practicing his moves on his skateboard.
1	the young man is practicing his moves with his skateboard.
0	A man that is jumping over an object on a skateboard.
1	a man that is jumping over an object in a skateboard.
1	the happy man is practicing his moves on his skateboard.
0	A group of people holding snowboards on a deck.
1	a group of people holding snowboards over a deck.
0	A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
1	a man flying around` the air while riding a skateboard.
0	A male skateboarder flying in the air over a set of steps.
1	a male skateboarder flying under the air over a set of steps.
0	this is a skateboarder doing tricks on a stair rail
1	this is a skateboarder doing tricks over a stair rail
0	Skate boarder mid air in impressive stunt on outdoor stairway.
1	skate boarder mid air in impressive stunt behind outdoor stairway.
1	skate boarder mid air in impressive stunt on indoor stairway.
0	a close up of a person holding a hot dog
1	a close atop of a person holding a hot dog
0	A group of people are in the snow on skis.
1	a group of people are in the snow with skis.
0	A bunch of skiers on a mountain while a storm rolls in.
1	a bunch of skiers over a mountain while a storm rolls in.
0	groups of people are skiing on a snowy mountain
1	groups of people are skiing behind a snowy mountain
0	this is a display of donuts on a couple shelves
1	this is a display of donuts beside a couple shelves
0	A selection of donuts and pastries at an oriental bakery
1	a selection of donuts and pastries over an oriental bakery
0	fifteen different varieties of doughnuts in a display case
1	fifteen like varieties of doughnuts in a display case
0	Wrestling ring sitting in the middle of an open room.
1	wrestling ring sitting at the middle of an open room.
0	Man riding surfboard ahead of breaking wave at ocean.
1	man riding surfboard ahead of breaking wave upon ocean.
0	A guy riding the an incoming wave on a surfboard
1	a guy riding the an incoming wave with a surfboard
0	A person surfs on a wave in a body of water
1	a person surfs upon a wave in a body of water
0	Surfer riding a wave that is breaking behind him
1	surfer riding a wave that is breaking in him
0	A surfer is standing on his board just in front of the wave.
1	a surfer is standing upon his board just in front of the wave.
0	A girl standing on the beach and posing with a surfboard.
1	a girl standing behind the beach and posing with a surfboard.
0	A woman holding a surf board while standing on a beach.
1	a woman holding a surf board while standing in a beach.
0	A girl in a body suit at a beach with surfboard.
1	a girl in a body suit over a beach with surfboard.
0	A woman in a wet suit holding a surfboard.
1	a woman over a wet suit holding a surfboard.
0	A woman in a bodysuit holding a surfboard posing for a picture.
1	a woman under a bodysuit holding a surfboard posing for a picture.
0	A young boy sitting on the floor at the food of a bed.
1	a young boy sitting on the floor upon the food of a bed.
0	A barefoot person seated on the floor.
1	a barefoot person seated behind the floor.
0	A person sits on the floor leaning against a bed.
1	a person sits over the floor leaning against a bed.
0	A young woman sitting against a bed post
1	a happy boy sitting on the floor at the food of a bed.
1	a happy woman sitting against a bed post
0	An image of a bedroom with a bed in the middle if the room
1	an image of a bedroom on a bed in the middle if the room
0	a bedroom with a night stand near the bed
1	a bedroom with a night stand below the bed
0	A child in diapers standing on a bed.
1	a child in diapers standing with a bed.
0	A boy with a pacifier in his mouth standing on a bed.
1	a boy with a pacifier in his mouth standing upon a bed.
0	A baby boy sucking on a pacifier while wearing a diaper.
1	a baby boy sucking behind a pacifier while wearing a diaper.
0	A very young toddler has his pacifier in his mouth and standing on the couch.
1	a very young toddler has his pacifier in his mouth and standing with the couch.
0	a little boy standing on some pillows with a pacifier in his mouth
1	a little boy standing on some pillows with a pacifier under his mouth
1	a very happy toddler has his pacifier in his mouth and standing on the couch.
0	A young infant boy in bed is leaning towards an electronic device to adjust it.
1	a young infant boy under bed is leaning towards an electronic device to adjust it.
0	A baby playing with a radio whle sitting in bed.+9
1	a baby playing with a radio whle sitting over bed.+9
0	A young boy touching something near his bed
1	a young boy touching something across his bed
0	Young boy sitting up in his crib playing with clock radio.
1	a happy infant boy in bed is leaning towards an electronic device to adjust it.
1	happy boy sitting up in his crib playing with clock radio.
1	a happy boy touching something near his bed
0	A man standing next to another man on a sandy beach.
1	a man standing next to another man with a sandy beach.
0	Two men fist bump on the beach while one holds a surfboard.
1	two men fist bump over the beach while one holds a surfboard.
0	a man with a surf board fist bumps another man on a beach
1	a man on a surf board fist bumps another man on a beach
0	a couple of people that are standing in some sand with surfboards
1	a couple of people that are standing upon some sand with surfboards
0	Lone ice boat sailing near a dock on wide frozen water.
1	lone ice boat sailing near a dock beside wide frozen water.
0	A sail boat floating across a large body of water.
1	a sail boat floating over a large body of water.
0	A row of laptop computers sitting on a long desk.
1	a row of laptop computers sitting beside a long desk.
0	A long desk with multiple computers and television monitors.
1	a row of laptop computers sitting on a short desk.
1	a short desk with multiple computers and television monitors.
0	A woman walking on the tennis court with her racket.
1	a woman walking behind the tennis court with her racket.
0	A woman holding a tennis racket in her hand.
1	a woman holding a tennis racket under her hand.
0	A tennis player at the US open walking off the court.
1	a tennis player across the us open walking off the court.
0	A plate topped with a cheesy pizza on a  table.
1	a plate topped with a cheesy pizza upon a table.
0	A close up of a pizza pie on a plate.
1	a close within of a pizza pie on a plate.
0	A pizza on a plate on a table.
1	a pizza on a plate behind a table.
0	The pizza is on the plate and ready to be eaten
1	the pizza is in the plate and ready to be eaten
0	A living room decorated for Halloween with a large window with closed blinds.
1	a living room decorated for halloween on a large window with closed blinds.
0	Multiple books on bookshelves and coffee table and windows covered with vertical blinds.
1	multiple books on bookshelves and coffee table and windows covered on vertical blinds.
0	A cart with a plant on it and a table with books on it.
1	a cart with a plant on it and a table with books upon it.
1	multiple books on bookshelves and coffee table and windows covered with horizontal blinds.
0	a couple of toothbrushes and paste in a cup
1	a couple of toothbrushes and paste at a cup
0	Toothbrushes and paste displayed in holder in bathroom.
1	toothbrushes and paste displayed in holder upon bathroom.
0	A living room with two white couches with black pillows on each are standing in front of a wooden table.
1	a living room with two white couches with black pillows beside each are standing in front of a wooden table.
0	A living room decorated in a modern style
1	a living room decorated at a modern style
1	a living room decorated in a ancient style
0	A man sitting in a chair holding a guitar.
1	a man sitting over a chair holding a guitar.
0	A man playing a guitar in front of a bookcase with a keyboard on a table.
1	a man playing a guitar in front of a bookcase with a keyboard beside a table.
0	A man playing the guitar while at his music workstation.
1	a man playing the guitar while behind his music workstation.
0	A room with a full wall of windows with multiple sofas and chairs.
1	a room with a full wall of windows on multiple sofas and chairs.
0	A living room that has a bunch of different couches.
1	a living room that has a bunch of like couches.
0	A chair is sitting in the corner of a room.
1	a chair is sitting at the corner of a room.
0	Beautiful wood grain floors add to the ambiance in a home.
1	beautiful wood grain floors add to the ambiance at a home.
0	This living room is very tiny and organized.
1	this living room is very huge and organized.
1	ugly wood grain floors add to the ambiance in a home.
0	A TV sitting in a living room on top of a TV stand.
1	a tv sitting in a living room in top of a tv stand.
0	A TV is on in this unique and eclectic living room.
1	a tv is on at this unique and eclectic living room.
0	empty room with the lights on and tv on
1	empty room on the lights on and tv on
0	some people at the beach and some are flying kites
1	some people beside the beach and some are flying kites
0	A large balloon on a beach with a black and white dog looking at it.
1	a large balloon in a beach with a black and white dog looking at it.
0	People at the beach while others are parasailing.
1	people over the beach while others are parasailing.
0	A person walking across a field next to a  kite.
1	a person walking beside a field next to a kite.
0	Someone is flying a red white and blue kite on a field.
1	someone is flying a red white and blue kite upon a field.
0	a young boy flying a kite in a soccer field
1	a young boy flying a kite beside a soccer field
0	THERE IS A KITE IS FLYING HIGH IN TE SKY
1	there is a kite is flying high beside te sky
1	a happy boy flying a kite in a soccer field
0	A woman is standing in an open space and flying a kite.
1	a woman is standing upon an open space and flying a kite.
0	A woman flying her kite in the middle of a field
1	a woman flying her kite at the middle of a field
0	Several smaller images within the picture of colorful kites being flown
1	several smaller images around` the picture of colorful kites being flown
0	Examples of kites being flown in the sky.
1	examples of kites being flown over the sky.
0	Collage of men without shirts flying kites on the brach
1	collage of men without shirts flying kites behind the brach
0	A kite is flying in the sky in the distance
1	a kite is flying in the sky beside the distance
0	A clock sitting on the side of a sidewalk next to stores.
1	a clock sitting with the side of a sidewalk next to stores.
0	A large clock on the sidewalk in front of stores.
1	a large clock in the sidewalk in front of stores.
0	A round ornate clock housed on a green metal post.
1	a round ornate clock housed beside a green metal post.
0	A TOWER CLOCK IS ON THE STREET
1	a tower clock is behind the street
0	She is working those muscles in her right arm.
1	she is working those muscles under her right arm.
0	A woman in a pink shirt in the middle of a tennis swing
1	a woman in a pink shirt beside the middle of a tennis swing
0	A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a court.
1	a woman swinging a tennis racquet in a court.
0	A tennis player holding their tennis racket outside.
1	a tennis player holding their tennis racket towards.
0	A group of men sitting in front of laptop computers.
1	a group of men sitting under front of laptop computers.
0	three men sitting down and typing on laptops
1	three men sitting down and typing behind laptops
0	Three men looking at their laptops while sitting down.
1	three men looking beside their laptops while sitting down.
0	Three men are typing on their laptop computers.
1	three men are typing over their laptop computers.
0	Several men sitting in a row while they look at their laptops.
1	several men sitting under a row while they look at their laptops.
0	A young man using a laptop computer in a show room.
1	a young man using a laptop computer over a show room.
0	A man standing in front of a laptop computer.
1	a man standing over front of a laptop computer.
1	a happy man using a laptop computer in a show room.
0	A baby girl sitting on top of a green grass holding a cell phone.
1	a baby girl sitting beside top of a green grass holding a cell phone.
0	A baby sitting on a picnic blanket in a park holding a cellphone.
1	a baby sitting on a picnic blanket at a park holding a cellphone.
0	A kid sitting in a grassy field outside the water park gnaws on a cellphone.
1	a kid sitting in a grassy field outside the water park gnaws upon a cellphone.
0	A child in a park chewing on a cell phone.
1	a child in a park chewing with a cell phone.
0	The young child is chewing on the cel phone.
1	the young child is chewing over the cel phone.
0	Child in the grass holding a cel phone to its face and a water slide in the back.
1	child in the grass holding a cel phone to its face and a water slide at the back.
0	A little child holding a smart phone while not wearing a shirt.
1	a little child holding a dumb phone while not wearing a shirt.
1	the happy child is chewing on the cel phone.
0	Man sitting on the sidewalk talking on a phone.
1	man sitting on the sidewalk talking over a phone.
0	A man is sitting at an off street location talking on his phone.
1	a man is sitting at an off street location talking with his phone.
0	A man sitting on the ground on a cell phone.
1	a man sitting in the ground on a cell phone.
0	A man in a red hoodie is sitting on the ground while taking on a phone.
1	a man in a red hoodie is sitting on the ground while taking in a phone.
0	A man is sitting on the ground talking on a cellphone..
1	a man is sitting beside the ground talking on a cellphone..
0	Man and woman on an ice covered bridge.
1	man and woman upon an ice covered bridge.
0	a couple of people are standing in the snow
1	a couple of people are standing under the snow
0	A woman taking a selfie near a ledge
1	a woman taking a selfie over a ledge
0	a couple of people that are standing on some ice
1	a couple of people that are standing over some ice
0	A man and woman taking pictures at the edge of a canyon.
1	a man and woman taking pictures over the edge of a canyon.
0	a fridge with writing on it left outside
1	a fridge with writing with it left outside
0	a old ice box standing out in a yard.
1	a old ice box standing out over a yard.
0	A refrigerator outside on the grass with writing on it
1	a refrigerator outside on the grass with writing behind it
0	A clock is near a light post on a street.
1	a clock is below a light post on a street.
0	A clock stands on a pole on a street corner.
1	a clock stands on a pole behind a street corner.
0	a clock on a side walk on a city street
1	a clock on a side walk in a city street
0	A room in the house has an all white surface area.
1	a room upon the house has an all white surface area.
0	Some white cabinets in the corner of the room by the door.
1	some white cabinets upon the corner of the room by the door.
0	A group of women stand in front of a table covered in small plastic cups.
1	a group of women stand in front of a table covered at small plastic cups.
0	A table that has a large number of small cups of food on it.
1	a table that has a large number of small cups of food in it.
0	Young adults serving food samples for a cause.
1	happy adults serving food samples for a cause.
0	A couple of guy sitting at a table with a couple plates of food in front of them.
1	a couple of guy sitting at a table with a couple plates of food over front of them.
0	The men in the photo have large platters of food in front of them.
1	the men in the photo have large platters of food beside front of them.
0	a couple of men are eating at a table
1	a couple of men are eating upon a table
0	two men sitting at a table with different food items
1	two men sitting at a table with like food items
0	There are two people standing on the side of a street.
1	there are two people standing over the side of a street.
0	a woman is pulling luggage on to a sidewalk near a fire hydrant
1	a woman is pulling luggage on to a sidewalk over a fire hydrant
0	Man and woman with luggage near a doorway on a city street.
1	man and woman with luggage upon a doorway on a city street.
0	A woman with a nice ass standing in a kitchen preparing food.
1	a woman on a nice ass standing in a kitchen preparing food.
0	Barefoot woman in blue jeans standing cleaning the kitchen counter
1	barefoot woman at blue jeans standing cleaning the kitchen counter
0	A woman standing at a counter in a kitchen.
1	a woman standing beside a counter in a kitchen.
0	A woman standing barefoot in front of a kitchen stove.
1	a woman standing barefoot over front of a kitchen stove.
0	A girl sitting in a kitchen with a tiled floor
1	a girl sitting at a kitchen with a tiled floor
0	two people in a kitchen near appliances
1	two people under a kitchen near appliances
0	A woman is drinking a beer in the kitchen.
1	a woman is drinking a beer under the kitchen.
0	A man riding on skis down a slope on a course.
1	a man riding over skis down a slope on a course.
0	He is working on the meal while the dog is patiently waiting.
1	he is working with the meal while the dog is patiently waiting.
0	A man slices meat in his kitchen while his dog begs from the floor.
1	a man slices meat upon his kitchen while his dog begs from the floor.
0	Child laying down with arms extended in the air.
1	child laying down with arms extended beside the air.
0	A girl lying down and smiling and feeling happy.
1	a girl lying down and smiling and feeling angry.
0	Woman standing in a dark wooded kitchen with a carton in her hands.
1	woman standing in a dark wooded kitchen with a carton beside her hands.
0	A woman standing in a kitchen shaking a carton of juice.
1	a woman standing upon a kitchen shaking a carton of juice.
0	A woman in a kitchen holding a milk carton with both hands.
1	a woman upon a kitchen holding a milk carton with both hands.
0	A woman standing in a kitchen holding a jug of milk.
1	a woman standing under a kitchen holding a jug of milk.
0	a woman standing in a kitchen holding a carton
1	a woman standing at a kitchen holding a carton
0	A woman in blue jeans stands in a kitchen holding a beverage carton and looking at the camera.
1	a woman in blue jeans stands in a kitchen holding a beverage carton and looking behind the camera.
0	A woman in a kitchen holding a carton.
1	a woman over a kitchen holding a carton.
0	a person standing on a side walk underneath a traffic light
1	a person standing beside a side walk underneath a traffic light
0	A woman standing next to a traffic light over a street.
1	a woman standing next to a traffic light at a street.
0	a woman standing in a parking lot next to a light pole in the dusk
1	a woman standing beside a parking lot next to a light pole in the dusk
0	Woman standing under a traffic light at night.
1	woman standing across a traffic light at night.
0	A woman standing at a red traffic light at a cross walk.
1	a woman standing at a red traffic light behind a cross walk.
0	A little girl in ponytails holding on to a teddy bear.
1	a little girl in ponytails holding over to a teddy bear.
0	A pretty young girl smiles at the camera as she poses with her teddy bear.
1	a pretty young girl smiles behind the camera as she poses with her teddy bear.
0	a young girl holding onto a teddy bear that wears a shirt
1	a pretty happy girl smiles at the camera as she poses with her teddy bear.
1	a happy girl holding onto a teddy bear that wears a shirt
0	there is a bathroom with a black carpet in it
1	there is a bathroom with a black carpet beside it
0	A deep soaking tub in the corner of a bathroom
1	a deep soaking tub under the corner of a bathroom
0	A washer and toilet, sink and tub in a bathroom.
1	a washer and toilet, sink and tub over a bathroom.
0	A white washer machine positioned in a bathroom.
1	a white washer machine positioned at a bathroom.
0	this bathroom has a washing machine in it
1	this bathroom has a washing machine under it
0	A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a sink.
1	a white toilet sitting under a bathroom next to a sink.
0	A white sink under a mirror in a bathroom next to a light switch.
1	a white sink behind a mirror in a bathroom next to a light switch.
0	a bathroom with a sink and a mirror in it
1	a bathroom with a sink and a mirror over it
0	A bathroom filled with a row of sinks under mirrors.
1	a bathroom filled with a row of sinks near mirrors.
0	A public bathroom is draped in wreaths and flowers as if for a special event.
1	a public bathroom is draped under wreaths and flowers as if for a special event.
0	A bathroom sink with a bottle of cleaning solution on it.
1	a bathroom sink with a bottle of cleaning solution beside it.
0	a bottle is sitting on top of a white sink
1	a bottle is sitting with top of a white sink
0	a bathroom that has a big sink in it
1	a bathroom that has a big sink under it
0	A white bath tub sitting under a window next to a  sink.
1	a white bath tub sitting across a window next to a sink.
0	A white sink and bathtub in a bathroom.
1	a white sink and bathtub under a bathroom.
0	A car is parked on the street by some signs.
1	a car is parked with the street by some signs.
0	There is a white car on a busy street.
1	there is a white car beside a busy street.
0	A road curving around hills has one car on it.
1	a road curving around hills has one car beside it.
0	A yellow car driving away on the road.
1	a yellow car driving away upon the road.
0	An open door to a small bathroom and someone sitting in a wooden chair.
1	an open door to a small bathroom and someone sitting over a wooden chair.
0	Black and white photograph of people at table outside of a bathroom.
1	black and white photograph of people behind table outside of a bathroom.
0	A stylized photo of a person sitting in a chair near a bathroom.
1	a stylized photo of a person sitting in a chair upon a bathroom.
0	A bathroom scene with an impressionist painting hung on the wall.
1	a bathroom scene on an impressionist painting hung on the wall.
0	Small toilet with a green and white painting hanging on the wall.
1	small toilet with a green and white painting hanging with the wall.
0	A view into a simple bathroom from the door.
1	a view into a hard bathroom from the door.
0	An ownder of a dog takes a picture of the dog in the back seat.
1	an ownder of a dog takes a picture of the dog under the back seat.
0	A rear view mirror that shows a dog sitting in the backseat.
1	a rear view mirror that shows a dog sitting over the backseat.
0	A dog is riding in the car in the back seat.
1	a dog is riding in the car at the back seat.
0	A man sitting in a  car wearing a tie and a seat belt.
1	a man sitting beside a car wearing a tie and a seat belt.
0	a close up of a person wearing a suit and tie
1	a close underneath of a person wearing a suit and tie
0	A man in a car wearing tie and seat belt.
1	a man under a car wearing tie and seat belt.
0	Guy in shirt and tie takes a selfie in the car.
1	guy at shirt and tie takes a selfie in the car.
0	A small baby bird on a piece of metal.
1	a small baby bird upon a piece of metal.
0	A bird that is sitting in the rim of a tire.
1	a bird that is sitting under the rim of a tire.
0	Small young bird standing on metal wheel hub.
1	small happy bird standing on metal wheel hub.
0	A motorcycle parked on a walkway next to a dog.
1	a motorcycle parked upon a walkway next to a dog.
0	A motorcycle covered with a red blanket is parked in the middle of a plaza.
1	a motorcycle covered with a red blanket is parked over the middle of a plaza.
0	A motorcycle parked in front of a temple
1	a motorcycle parked at front of a temple
0	A bike parked in the middle of a street covered up with a cloth .
1	a bike parked at the middle of a street covered up with a cloth.
0	a statue of a person riding a horse in front of a building
1	a statue of a person riding a horse under front of a building
0	A statue of a man riding a horse sits atop the sculpture in the square.
1	a statue of a man riding a horse sits atop the sculpture beside the square.
0	a city square at night with buildings around it
1	a city square behind night with buildings around it
0	A dusk view of the city center focused on the statue of a man on a horse.
1	a dusk view of the city center focused in the statue of a man on a horse.
0	A laptop on a desk in a room.
1	a laptop on a desk over a room.
0	A laptop that is sitting on a desk.
1	a laptop that is sitting over a desk.
0	A laptop is sitting on a wood table
1	a laptop is sitting in a wood table
0	The computer is at the desk in front of the window.
1	the computer is upon the desk in front of the window.
0	A man in green shoes stands next to a red motorcycle.
1	a man beside green shoes stands next to a red motorcycle.
0	A man in sneakers standing near a motorcycle
1	a man over sneakers standing near a motorcycle
0	A plane sitting on top of a dirt field next to another plane.
1	a plane sitting upon top of a dirt field next to another plane.
0	A plane with a propeller sitting in the dirt.
1	a plane with a propeller sitting over the dirt.
0	An old green airplane parked in the dirt.
1	an old green airplane parked at the dirt.
0	An old plane rests on the dirt, it's wheels against cinder blocks.
1	an old plane rests over the dirt, it's wheels against cinder blocks.
0	a large old looking plane in the dirt
1	a large old looking plane over the dirt
0	A boat is riding in the water while a helicopter is going by.
1	a boat is riding over the water while a helicopter is going by.
0	a helicopter and small plane fly through the air over the ocean and a large boat
1	a helicopter and small plane fly up the air over the ocean and a large boat
0	An airplane in the water a short distance from a rocky shore.
1	an airplane under the water a short distance from a rocky shore.
0	Airplane sitting in the water with a man watching it.
1	airplane sitting at the water with a man watching it.
0	A man watching a plane in the ocean.
1	a man watching a plane over the ocean.
0	A man standing on top of a pile or rocks near a plane in a lake.
1	a man standing behind top of a pile or rocks near a plane in a lake.
0	A white airplane is nose deep in dark water.
1	a white airplane is nose deep at dark water.
1	an airplane in the water a long distance from a rocky shore.
0	a couple of soldiers are sitting on a plane
1	a couple of soldiers are sitting upon a plane
0	multiple soldiers wearing camoflage uniforms on on airplane
1	multiple soldiers wearing camoflage uniforms with on airplane
0	Several soldiers sitting in their seats on an airplane.
1	several soldiers sitting in their seats beside an airplane.
0	There are seats and some people standing in what appears to be an airplane.
1	there are seats and some people standing at what appears to be an airplane.
0	A city at night filled with lots of traffic.
1	a city behind night filled with lots of traffic.
0	A busy street with cars and buses on it.
1	a busy street with cars and buses behind it.
0	a tall red bus is by the curb in a city
1	a tall red bus is by the curb at a city
0	A busy street with traffic moving in both directions and several two level buses on the street with people around.
1	a busy street with traffic moving over both directions and several two level buses on the street with people around.
0	A giraffe in a ludicrous pose notices the photographer.
1	a giraffe upon a ludicrous pose notices the photographer.
0	a giraffe is standing in a green field
1	a giraffe is standing under a green field
0	A young giraffe is struggling to stand on its legs
1	a young giraffe is struggling to stand over its legs
1	a happy giraffe is struggling to stand on its legs
0	A forest of green trees with a bench in its midst.
1	a forest of green trees with a bench beside its midst.
0	A bench sits at a rest area in the middle of the woods.
1	a bench sits across a rest area in the middle of the woods.
0	A bus driving down a city street in traffic.
1	a bus driving down a city street beside traffic.
0	a man on a motorcycle in front of an orange bus
1	a man with a motorcycle in front of an orange bus
0	Bus riding down the street in traffic next to motorcycle rider, car and truck
1	bus riding down the street at traffic next to motorcycle rider, car and truck
0	A girl in a pink jacket on a bicycle passes a man in a blue cap on a bicycle.
1	a girl in a pink jacket on a bicycle passes a man under a blue cap on a bicycle.
0	Three people on bicycles greet each other near a traffic light in front of trees and a stone building.
1	three people in bicycles greet each other near a traffic light in front of trees and a stone building.
0	two people on bikes talking to each other
1	two people upon bikes talking to each other
0	A couple of people on bikes on a street.
1	a couple of people beside bikes on a street.
0	A group of women and children walking across a street.
1	a group of women and children walking below a street.
0	People walking across an intersection in the city.
1	people walking across an intersection under the city.
0	some people are walking across a street and a traffic light
1	some people are walking upon a street and a traffic light
0	Two giraffes standing around in the middle of a field.
1	two giraffes standing around over the middle of a field.
0	Two giraffes standing on a dirt expanse with trees in background.
1	two giraffes standing over a dirt expanse with trees in background.
0	Two giraffes standing out in the hot sun in front of a tent.
1	two giraffes standing out beside the hot sun in front of a tent.
0	Two giraffes standing in a dry landscape gaze to the side.
1	two giraffes standing under a dry landscape gaze to the side.
0	Two giraffes standing in a desert like area.
1	two giraffes standing at a desert like area.
0	A table and chairs sit on a grassy walkway, with a pitcher.
1	a table and chairs sit upon a grassy walkway, with a pitcher.
0	a chair a table, two chairs and a vase in a field
1	a chair a table, two chairs and a vase upon a field
0	An old table and chair in an overgrown backyard.
1	an old table and chair at an overgrown backyard.
0	A large giraffe standing behind a wire fence.
1	a large giraffe standing across a wire fence.
0	A large tall giraffe standing near a fence
1	a large tall giraffe standing upon a fence
0	A tall giraffe is standing by itself near a fence.
1	a tall giraffe is standing by itself over a fence.
0	A lone giraffe at a zoo with trees behind it.
1	a lone giraffe at a zoo on trees behind it.
0	A giraffe is standing in a fenced in area.
1	a giraffe is standing in a fenced over area.
0	Three tall giraffes are looking over at trees.
1	three tall giraffes are looking over behind trees.
0	Three giraffes stand in front of blurry trees.
1	three giraffes stand over front of blurry trees.
0	Three Giraffes standing near each other in an open field.
1	three giraffes standing in each other in an open field.
0	A woman walking across a street at a cross walk.
1	a woman walking across a street upon a cross walk.
0	A woman on a street running next to traffic lights
1	a woman with a street running next to traffic lights
0	a person jumping over a curb at a corner in front of a liquor store
1	a person jumping upon a curb at a corner in front of a liquor store
0	There are two metal benches on the patio.
1	there are two metal benches with the patio.
0	a couple of park benches on some concrete
1	a couple of park benches upon some concrete
0	Two bench's sitting on the ground near a fence.
1	two bench's sitting upon the ground near a fence.
0	A rusty fire hydrant sitting on a city sidewalk.
1	a rusty fire hydrant sitting with a city sidewalk.
0	Old rusty fire hydrant on a street with white paint on top.
1	old rusty fire hydrant on a street with white paint over top.
0	Rusted red and white fire hydrant on a cracked sidewalk.
1	rusted red and white fire hydrant upon a cracked sidewalk.
0	Construction worker near digging equipment and unearthed fire hydrant.
1	construction worker over digging equipment and unearthed fire hydrant.
0	A construction worker standing on dirt near a fire hydrant.
1	a construction worker standing on dirt over a fire hydrant.
0	there is a fire hydrant standing on a tall pole
1	there is a fire hydrant standing beside a tall pole
0	A bench sitting under a group of trees on a trail.
1	a bench sitting beside a group of trees on a trail.
0	a narrow path with a bench covered with tree branches
1	a narrow path with a bench covered on tree branches
0	A single bench in the middle of a park.
1	a single bench over the middle of a park.
1	a dirty path with a bench covered with tree branches
0	A man and woman sitting on a  red bench
1	a man and woman sitting beside a red bench
0	A man and a woman sitting on a bench in front of a building.
1	a man and a woman sitting on a bench under front of a building.
0	A man and a woman sitting on a park bench.
1	a man and a woman sitting upon a park bench.
0	Two people sitting on a bench and talking.
1	two people sitting behind a bench and talking.
0	two people sitting on a purple bench and a little bird standing on the grass
1	two people sitting upon a purple bench and a little bird standing on the grass
0	Park bench on a walkway in a park.
1	park bench on a walkway at a park.
0	A park bench on a path that is in between shrubs and green trees.
1	a park bench on a path that is upon between shrubs and green trees.
0	A fire hydrant that is on a sidewalk.
1	a fire hydrant that is in a sidewalk.
0	A green red and white fire hydrant on the curb.
1	a green red and white fire hydrant behind the curb.
0	A man petting a giraffe whose face it over the fence
1	a man petting a giraffe whose face it near the fence
0	A young adult male is at an animal park feeding the animal.
1	a happy adult male is at an animal park feeding the animal.
0	A giraffe sitting down in a fenced in area
1	a giraffe sitting down in a fenced upon area
0	a giraffe on the ground behind a fence in a structure
1	a giraffe on the ground beside a fence in a structure
0	A cement wall with a picture on it and a small four door vehicle parked below the picture.
1	a cement wall with a picture behind it and a small four door vehicle parked below the picture.
0	a little car sitting by a wall with a picture on it
1	a little car sitting on a wall with a picture on it
0	The car with a rack on it's roof is parked next to a street sign.
1	the car on a rack on it's roof is parked next to a street sign.
0	A car is parked under a unique sign.
1	a car is parked behind a unique sign.
0	The man is waiting on the curb at the bus stop.
1	the man is waiting over the curb at the bus stop.
0	A man next to a road near some temporary railings.
1	a man next to a road over some temporary railings.
0	a man stands on the side of a street
1	a man stands upon the side of a street
0	A giraffe at the zoo looks right at the camera
1	a giraffe over the zoo looks right at the camera
0	A giraffe stands near another giraffe near a fallen tree branch.
1	a giraffe stands below another giraffe near a fallen tree branch.
0	A giraffe chewing its food stares directly at the camera.
1	a giraffe chewing its food stares directly beside the camera.
0	there is an adult giraffe looking at something
1	there is an adult giraffe looking across something
0	A dog wearing a hat standing on some grass.
1	a dog wearing a hat standing over some grass.
0	A white colored dog with it's mouth open and wearing a person's baseball style cap on it's head.
1	a white colored dog with it's mouth open and wearing a person's baseball style cap over it's head.
0	A dog in a field looking up while wearing a hat.
1	a dog at a field looking up while wearing a hat.
0	The large dog is wearing a human's cap on it's head.
1	the large dog is wearing a human's cap upon it's head.
0	A boy in blue hat riding on a carousel.
1	a boy in blue hat riding behind a carousel.
0	A boy sitting on a white horse on a merry go round.
1	a boy sitting on a white horse in a merry go round.
0	A young boy is riding the Ferris wheel.
1	a happy boy is riding the ferris wheel.
0	A herd of wild ducks swimming on top of a pond.
1	a herd of wild ducks swimming upon top of a pond.
0	A bunch of ducks are swimming in the dirty water.
1	a bunch of ducks are swimming in the cheap water.
0	A bird sign with a pretty bird on it by the water.
1	a bird sign with a pretty bird over it by the water.
0	a sign on a pole in a field near water
1	a sign over a pole in a field near water
0	A bird perched on top of a sign next to a river.
1	a bird perched upon top of a sign next to a river.
0	A sign post with an eagle on the top in a marshy park area.
1	a sign post with an eagle on the top beside a marshy park area.
0	A train riding through a city on a stormy day.
1	a train riding outside a city on a stormy day.
0	A train with a face like design on the front of it.
1	a train with a face like design in the front of it.
0	A train at a stop at a train station.
1	a train at a stop over a train station.
0	a train being operated on a train track with trees in the background
1	a train being operated on a train track with trees upon the background
0	a stop sign sits on the corner of a street
1	a stop sign sits behind the corner of a street
0	A red stop sign in front of a building.
1	a red stop sign over front of a building.
0	a stop sign on the corner of a street of apartments
1	a stop sign behind the corner of a street of apartments
0	The stop sign is at the end of the residential street,
1	the stop sign is across the end of the residential street,
0	A red and green train traveling on an elevated train strack.
1	a red and green train traveling upon an elevated train strack.
0	The very pretty sun shining through some big buildings.
1	the very pretty sun shining around` some big buildings.
0	a number of buildings in the distance
1	a number of buildings under the distance
0	a close up of a street parking meter
1	a close underneath of a street parking meter
0	Two metal parking meters on a city sidewalk.
1	two metal parking meters beside a city sidewalk.
0	Two parking meters stand on a pole as a car is parked across the street.
1	two parking meters stand with a pole as a car is parked across the street.
0	A dual parking meter on a city block.
1	a dual parking meter with a city block.
0	a close up of a rusted ol car in a field
1	a close towards of a rusted ol car in a field
0	Rusty old truck in a wooded field by a mountain
1	rusty old truck beside a wooded field by a mountain
0	An old pick up truck is rusting in the field.
1	an old pick up truck is rusting at the field.
0	A rusted out delivery truck sitting on top of a lush green forest.
1	a rusted out delivery truck sitting in top of a lush green forest.
0	The rusty old pickup truck is parked on the grass overlooked by the mountain.
1	the rusty old pickup truck is parked upon the grass overlooked by the mountain.
0	Stretched out cat and slippers on a carpet.
1	stretched out cat and slippers upon a carpet.
0	A cat playing with a red couch, with its eyes closed.
1	a cat playing on a red couch, with its eyes closed.
0	A long haired tabby cat sleeping on a red couch.
1	a long haired tabby cat sleeping over a red couch.
0	a cat that is on some kind of red couch
1	a cat that is with some kind of red couch
0	Small brown and white cat sitting down on a red couch.
1	small brown and white cat sitting down in a red couch.
1	a short haired tabby cat sleeping on a red couch.
0	A white van with a satellite on its roof is parked outside of a large building with people walking around.
1	a white van with a satellite on its roof is parked outside of a large building on people walking around.
0	a truck with a large satellite on top of it
1	a truck on a large satellite on top of it
0	cows and  bulls on grass grazing for food.
1	cows and bulls behind grass grazing for food.
0	Long horn bulls grazing on grass in an open field.
1	long horn bulls grazing in grass in an open field.
0	Multiple cows standing in a field staring forward.
1	multiple cows standing under a field staring forward.
0	A group of long horn bulls in a field.
1	a group of long horn bulls beside a field.
1	a group of short horn bulls in a field.
0	A cat sleeping in a person's lap; the cat is also on this person's laptop.
1	a cat sleeping in a person's lap; the cat is also with this person's laptop.
0	A cat laying in front of a laptop.
1	a cat laying under front of a laptop.
0	Close-up of a cat's face as he sleeps on a laptop.
1	close-up of a cat's face as he sleeps in a laptop.
0	Close up of cat sleeping in front of a laptop
1	close within of cat sleeping in front of a laptop
0	A sleeping cat lying next to a laptop on a desk.
1	a sleeping cat lying next to a laptop over a desk.
0	A close up of a cats profile is shown.
1	a close within of a cats profile is shown.
0	Close up of a cat giving a glance up from the computer.
1	close towards of a cat giving a glance up from the computer.
0	a cat that is sitting over a keyboard
1	a cat that is sitting on a keyboard
0	a man with a beard, dressed in a purple outfit, stands in front of a gree wall
1	a man with a beard, dressed at a purple outfit, stands in front of a gree wall
0	A man standing in front of a green wall.
1	a man standing upon front of a green wall.
0	A black and white photo of a man running across the street.
1	a black and white photo of a man running over the street.
0	A young boy running across the street in the rain.
1	a young boy running across the street at the rain.
1	a happy boy running across the street in the rain.
0	A MAN STANDING NEAR A BROWN DOOR POSING FOR A PICTURE.
1	a man standing across a brown door posing for a picture.
0	A man in a suit poses with his chin up in front of the door.
1	a man upon a suit poses with his chin up in front of the door.
0	Man poses for the camera in suit and tie.
1	man poses for the camera under suit and tie.
0	A group is smiling at two men with corsages.
1	a group is smiling upon two men with corsages.
0	Two men surrounded by a crowd in colorful clothing smiling.
1	two men surrounded on a crowd in colorful clothing smiling.
0	Two men dressed in suits posing for a picture together.
1	two men dressed under suits posing for a picture together.
0	Two attendants in uniform are washing an elephant.
1	two attendants upon uniform are washing an elephant.
0	Two young women giving an elephant a bath
1	two happy women giving an elephant a bath
0	A group of people walking along  a beach covered in umbrellas.
1	a group of people walking along a beach covered upon umbrellas.
0	Lots of people are enjoying their day at the beach.
1	lots of people are enjoying their day behind the beach.
0	Colorful umbrellas sit on the beach next to the ocean.
1	colorful umbrellas sit beside the beach next to the ocean.
0	There are people under umbrellas on a beach
1	there are people near umbrellas on a beach
0	A couple of people on the beach with many umbrellas.
1	a couple of people in the beach with many umbrellas.
0	a family of five riding on an elephant
1	a family of five riding with an elephant
0	The family is riding on top of an african elephant.
1	the family is riding behind top of an african elephant.
0	A man, a woman and three small young children enjoying an elephant ride.
1	a man, a woman and three small happy children enjoying an elephant ride.
0	A woman walks down a street with an umbrella on a rainy day.
1	a woman walks down a street with an umbrella behind a rainy day.
0	A person in the street carrying a cart and an umbrella.
1	a person beside the street carrying a cart and an umbrella.
0	A woman on a crowded street with and umbrella and shopping trolly.
1	a woman upon a crowded street with and umbrella and shopping trolly.
0	People walking and cars driving on a street by stores.
1	people walking and cars driving behind a street by stores.
0	A person holding a yellow umbrellas walks on near the sidewalk.
1	a person holding a yellow umbrellas walks beside near the sidewalk.
0	a boy in glasses and a tie in a photo
1	a boy over glasses and a tie in a photo
0	A young man in a suit, tie and glasses is smiling
1	a young man over a suit, tie and glasses is smiling
0	there is a young boy that is wearing a suit and glasses
1	there is a happy boy that is wearing a suit and glasses
1	a happy man in a suit, tie and glasses is smiling
0	Two elephants waiting patiently on their bale of hay.
1	two elephants waiting patiently in their bale of hay.
0	A group of people enjoying a day at the beach.
1	a group of people enjoying a day over the beach.
0	Umbrellas in the sand at a crowded beach with hills in the background.
1	umbrellas in the sand across a crowded beach with hills in the background.
0	a person laying on a beach near some umbrellas
1	a person laying with a beach near some umbrellas
0	Group of people standing underneath a blue and purple umbrella.
1	group of people standing up a blue and purple umbrella.
0	A young boy laying on a bed with a teddy bear.
1	a young boy laying behind a bed with a teddy bear.
0	A young boy is sleeping with stuffed animals on his pillows.
1	a young boy is sleeping with stuffed animals over his pillows.
1	a happy boy laying on a bed with a teddy bear.
1	a happy boy is sleeping with stuffed animals on his pillows.
0	A teddy bear sitting in front of a laptop with a lady bug computer mouse.
1	a teddy bear sitting over front of a laptop with a lady bug computer mouse.
0	A teddy bear that is set in front of a laptop.
1	a teddy bear that is set upon front of a laptop.
0	A DOG QUIETLY SLEEPING IN HIS BED ENJOYING THE SUN.
1	a dog quietly sleeping under his bed enjoying the sun.
0	Black and white photograph of a dog sleeping in the middle of a living room
1	black and white photograph of a dog sleeping upon the middle of a living room
0	A dog laying down in his bed in the living room.
1	a dog laying down in his bed at the living room.
0	A room with filtered light coming through vertical blinds on a doorwall,  with a sleeping dog lying on a dog bed next to a rocking chair
1	a room with filtered light coming through horizontal blinds on a doorwall, with a sleeping dog lying on a dog bed next to a rocking chair
0	A man throws a frisbee at the park
1	a man throws a frisbee behind the park
0	A man throwing a Frisbee in the park
1	a man throwing a frisbee beside the park
0	A man throwing a frisbee in the grassy area of a park.
1	a man throwing a frisbee over the grassy area of a park.
0	Couple of zebras eating out of the food bin at the zoo
1	couple of zebras eating out of the food bin upon the zoo
0	some zebras in their pen some food a fence and tree
1	some zebras at their pen some food a fence and tree
0	Two zebras eating in a fenced in enclosure.
1	two zebras eating in a fenced at enclosure.
0	A couple of people riding on a horse in the water.
1	a couple of people riding in a horse in the water.
0	two kids riding a horse on the beach in the water
1	two kids riding a horse beside the beach in the water
0	A couple of people riding on the back of a brown horse.
1	a couple of people riding in the back of a brown horse.
0	A group of little leaguers sitting on top of a bench.
1	a group of little leaguers sitting behind top of a bench.
0	batter line up one is standing and the others are on a bench
1	batter line atop one is standing and the others are on a bench
0	a young baseball player with a bat on the field
1	a young baseball player with a bat behind the field
1	a happy baseball player with a bat on the field
0	a person riding skis on a snowy surface
1	a person riding skis upon a snowy surface
0	A cross country skier with a backpack, on a trail
1	a cross country skier with a backpack, in a trail
0	The player is in the red uniform is pitching a baseball.
1	the player is beside the red uniform is pitching a baseball.
0	A pitcher that is in the process of throwing another pitch.
1	a pitcher that is beside the process of throwing another pitch.
0	Man in red and white uniform pitching a baseball.
1	man at red and white uniform pitching a baseball.
0	A man holding a snowboard stands on a hill in the snow while a mountain range is in the distance.
1	a man holding a snowboard stands over a hill in the snow while a mountain range is in the distance.
0	A man standing next to a snowboard on a ski slope.
1	a man standing next to a snowboard upon a ski slope.
0	A snowboarder looks out over deserted ski slopes.
1	a snowboarder looks out near deserted ski slopes.
0	A man holding a snow board looking at a snowy ski slope.
1	a man holding a snow board looking behind a snowy ski slope.
0	a glass of liquid is on a table
1	a glass of liquid is over a table
0	An orange and an orange juicer beside pulp in a strainer
1	an orange and an orange juicer beside pulp at a strainer
0	Oranges and a leaf are in a silver colander.
1	oranges and a leaf are upon a silver colander.
0	A bunch of oranges are in a strainer.
1	a bunch of oranges are at a strainer.
0	A man in black jersey throwing a baseball on field.
1	a man in black jersey throwing a baseball behind field.
0	A man in a black shirt is throwing a baseball.
1	a man beside a black shirt is throwing a baseball.
0	A baseball player standing on grass holding a glove.
1	a baseball player standing beside grass holding a glove.
0	A man throwing a baseball on a field wearing a uniform.
1	a man throwing a baseball in a field wearing a uniform.
0	Some kids are playing in a baseball game
1	some kids are playing over a baseball game
0	some baseball players are playing baseball on a field
1	some baseball players are playing baseball upon a field
0	A group of young men playing a game of baseball.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of baseball.
0	People are staring over a gate with skies on the other side.
1	people are staring near a gate with skies on the other side.
0	Skiers sit behind a series of lined of skis on a rack.
1	skiers sit beside a series of lined of skis on a rack.
0	A woman that is standing on ski's in the snow.
1	a woman that is standing in ski's in the snow.
0	A person wearing a blue coat in ski gear.
1	a person wearing a blue coat over ski gear.
0	A white plate on top of a table topped with fruits and vegetables.
1	a white plate beside top of a table topped with fruits and vegetables.
0	A plate of apples, cucumbers, tuna and peas sitting on a table.
1	a plate of apples, cucumbers, tuna and peas sitting with a table.
0	Slices of food are arranged around food piled on a plate.
1	slices of food are arranged around food piled over a plate.
0	A guy eating a sandwich in a break room.
1	a guy eating a sandwich upon a break room.
0	Woman holding up half of a large sandwich in her hands.
1	woman holding up half of a large sandwich over her hands.
0	A person sitting at a table eating a sandwich.
1	a person sitting over a table eating a sandwich.
0	Two plates that have different types of food on it near a bottle.
1	two plates that have different types of food over it near a bottle.
0	a couple of plates with some sushi on it
1	a couple of plates with some sushi upon it
1	two plates that have like types of food on it near a bottle.
0	A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.
1	a man flying around` the air while riding a snowboard.
0	A person in a black jacket jumping with skis on.
1	a person beside a black jacket jumping with skis on.
0	Person high in the sky after jumping off a ramp on their skis
1	person high in the sky after jumping off a ramp with their skis
0	A skier in mid air during a jump on the slope.
1	a skier in mid air during a jump upon the slope.
0	A person with skis in the air on snow covered mountains.
1	a person with skis in the air behind snow covered mountains.
0	A person with some skis up in the air.
1	a person with some skis up under the air.
0	A man flying through the air while riding skis.
1	a man flying outside the air while riding skis.
0	Person high up in the air doing ski tricks
1	person high up under the air doing ski tricks
0	a skateboarder in a black shirt  is doing a trick
1	a skateboarder under a black shirt is doing a trick
0	A man in grey shirt jumping on a skateboard.
1	a man over grey shirt jumping on a skateboard.
0	A person at a skatepark doing some tricks
1	a person behind a skatepark doing some tricks
0	man with a jelly doughnut in mouth
1	man with a jelly doughnut beside mouth
0	A person with some food in their mouth.
1	a person with some food at their mouth.
0	Man at a restaurant with a piece of pastry stuffed in his mouth.
1	man at a restaurant on a piece of pastry stuffed in his mouth.
0	The man is acting silly with the food in his mouth.
1	the man is acting silly with the food upon his mouth.
0	A sandwich and knife are sitting on a plate.
1	a sandwich and knife are sitting over a plate.
0	An intricate plate of food on a restaurant table.
1	an intricate plate of food upon a restaurant table.
0	a plate with some meat and other food on it
1	a plate with some meat and other food behind it
0	A bowl of soup sits before a sandwich on a plate.
1	a bowl of soup sits before a sandwich with a plate.
0	The bed has a brown and white blanket at the end of the bed
1	the bed has a brown and white blanket across the end of the bed
0	A bedroom that has a bed with only a sheet on it.
1	a bedroom that has a bed with only a sheet in it.
0	A bed in a corner, stripped of most sheets.
1	a bed under a corner, stripped of most sheets.
0	This bedroom has nothing but a mattress with a single white sheet and two blankets folded at the bottom
1	this bedroom has nothing but a mattress with a single white sheet and two blankets folded beside the bottom
0	Man holding up a yellow cake with candles on the top of it.
1	man holding up a yellow cake with candles behind the top of it.
0	A man and a woman in a bar holding drinks and smiling.
1	a man and a woman at a bar holding drinks and smiling.
0	A young couple holding a small cake smiling most happily.
1	a happy couple holding a small cake smiling most happily.
1	a young couple holding a small cake smiling most sadly.
0	There are people in wet suits who are surfing in the ocean.
1	there are people under wet suits who are surfing in the ocean.
0	Surfers in blue wetsuits walking in a medium surf.
1	surfers under blue wetsuits walking in a medium surf.
0	A man is standing on a beach and holding a surfboard.
1	a man is standing beside a beach and holding a surfboard.
0	Man looking on a the ocean from the beach with surf board in hand and swimmers in the water.
1	man looking in a the ocean from the beach with surf board in hand and swimmers in the water.
0	A man standing on the sea shore with surf board in his hand.
1	a man standing over the sea shore with surf board in his hand.
0	a man standing looking out a the ocean with his surf board in his hand,
1	a man standing looking out a the ocean with his surf board at his hand,
0	A group of three children sitting at a table in front of a birthday cake.
1	a group of three children sitting beside a table in front of a birthday cake.
0	Boy and girl at a table with model toys.
1	boy and girl beside a table with model toys.
0	Three children sitting at a table with a birthday cake.
1	three children sitting upon a table with a birthday cake.
0	A young boy sitting in front of a large chocolate sheets cake.
1	a happy boy sitting in front of a large chocolate sheets cake.
0	A woman sitting on bed in a bedroom.
1	a woman sitting in bed in a bedroom.
0	A person in a room sitting on a bed.
1	a person in a room sitting beside a bed.
0	An older woman sitting on a big queen sizes bed.
1	an older woman sitting behind a big queen sizes bed.
0	A woman is sitting on the edge of a white bed.
1	a woman is sitting with the edge of a white bed.
0	A man stands in a tennis court holding a tennis racket.
1	a man stands over a tennis court holding a tennis racket.
0	A man is waiting to return a serve in tennis.
1	a man is waiting to return a serve at tennis.
0	A man stands on a tennis court holding a tennis racket.
1	a man stands behind a tennis court holding a tennis racket.
0	A man is holding his tennis racquet on a course.
1	a man is holding his tennis racquet in a course.
0	a person eating with chopsticks and reading books in their living room
1	a person eating with chopsticks and reading books over their living room
0	Two orange books sit on a persons lap.
1	two orange books sit over a persons lap.
0	A few graphic novels and a laptop on a couch in front of a tv
1	a few graphic novels and a laptop in a couch in front of a tv
0	Books are sitting in a room with a laptop, windows, and television.
1	books are sitting in a room on a laptop, windows, and television.
0	The doorway and antique mirror is in the room with blue sky and cloud painted walls.
1	the doorway and antique mirror is beside the room with blue sky and cloud painted walls.
0	A girl brushing her teeth in the bathroom and looking at herself in the mirror.
1	a girl brushing her teeth in the bathroom and looking upon herself in the mirror.
0	A young woman is brushing her teeth at the sink.
1	a young woman is brushing her teeth behind the sink.
0	A woman at the bathroom sink brushing her teeth
1	a woman beside the bathroom sink brushing her teeth
0	A beautiful young lady brushing her teeth in front of a mirror.
1	a ugly young lady brushing her teeth in front of a mirror.
1	a happy woman is brushing her teeth at the sink.
0	A young girl who is sitting on a couch.
1	a young girl who is sitting in a couch.
0	A living room with a little girl on a couch
1	a living room with a little girl with a couch
0	an orange coach on front of a living room
1	an orange coach over front of a living room
0	A young girl in a living room with an orange couch and a red chandelier.
1	a young girl at a living room with an orange couch and a red chandelier.
1	a happy girl who is sitting on a couch.
1	a happy girl in a living room with an orange couch and a red chandelier.
0	Pedestrians pass in front of a fence, with benches, trees, and buildings on the other side.
1	pedestrians pass beside front of a fence, with benches, trees, and buildings on the other side.
0	A large group of people on a sidewalk.
1	a large group of people upon a sidewalk.
0	People walking on a sidewalk next to a fence where others walk in a park.
1	people walking behind a sidewalk next to a fence where others walk in a park.
0	A woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a woman holding a tennis racquet beside a tennis court.
0	a woman is running on a court with a racket
1	a woman is running behind a court with a racket
0	A woman that is on a tennis court with a racquet.
1	a woman that is behind a tennis court with a racquet.
0	a femlae tennis player in a blue shirt is playing tennis
1	a femlae tennis player upon a blue shirt is playing tennis
0	A living room with a long beige couch and a tan chair with a mop laying sideways on the chair.
1	a living room with a long beige couch and a tan chair on a mop laying sideways on the chair.
0	Sitting area of home near stairs and kitchen area.
1	sitting area of home below stairs and kitchen area.
0	a room with some furniture and tables inside of it
1	a room with some furniture and tables through of it
1	a living room with a short beige couch and a tan chair with a mop laying sideways on the chair.
0	A man folding a giant paper airplane on the floor.
1	a man folding a giant paper airplane beside the floor.
0	A man putting together a kite on the floor of a room.
1	a man putting together a kite upon the floor of a room.
0	Man working with paper item on floor in tiled room.
1	man working with paper item upon floor in tiled room.
0	A man inside a room putting together a white kite.
1	a man beneath a room putting together a white kite.
0	Man folding banner while holding stick in unfinished carpet
1	man folding banner while holding stick over unfinished carpet
0	a painting of a person standing in the park while a kite flies above them
1	a painting of a person standing over the park while a kite flies above them
0	A boy is playing with a kite in a wet land.
1	a boy is playing with a kite under a wet land.
0	Cars are parked on the side of a street lined with brick buildings.
1	cars are parked beside the side of a street lined with brick buildings.
0	A long street full of brown brick buildings
1	a short street full of brown brick buildings
0	Young boy playing baseball in the middle of a swing at the plate
1	young boy playing baseball in the middle of a swing behind the plate
0	A kid at first base out on the baseball field.
1	a kid across first base out on the baseball field.
0	Young man about to swing a baseball bat in front of a crowd.
1	young man about to swing a baseball bat over front of a crowd.
0	Young boy preparing to swing at pitch during baseball game.
1	happy boy playing baseball in the middle of a swing at the plate
1	happy man about to swing a baseball bat in front of a crowd.
1	happy boy preparing to swing at pitch during baseball game.
0	batter swing at a pitch while team looks on
1	batter swing upon a pitch while team looks on
0	a baseball game with the batter swinging at at the ball
1	a baseball game on the batter swinging at at the ball
0	A batter waits at home plate while the person on first base is inching towards second.
1	a batter waits upon home plate while the person on first base is inching towards second.
0	Three males are in a field playing baseball.
1	three males are beside a field playing baseball.
0	Several baseball players playing a game of baseball in a big league arena.
1	several baseball players playing a game of baseball beside a big league arena.
0	A baseball game with a baseball player at bat and a catcher and umpire behind home plate.
1	a baseball game on a baseball player at bat and a catcher and umpire behind home plate.
0	A baseball players playing baseball in front of a crowd.
1	a baseball players playing baseball beside front of a crowd.
0	a woman in an orange dress is playing tennis
1	a woman under an orange dress is playing tennis
0	A tennis player wearing an orange skirt and white shirt holds a racket and looks toward a tennis ball that is in the air on a tennis court.
1	a tennis player wearing an orange skirt and white shirt holds a racket and looks toward a tennis ball that is in the air behind a tennis court.
0	a woman hits a ball as people look on
1	a woman hits a ball as people look over
0	A young woman hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.
1	a happy woman hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.
0	A blurred tennis player behind the close up of a net.
1	a blurred tennis player in the close up of a net.
0	A man with a tennis racket behind a net.
1	a man with a tennis racket below a net.
0	View of a tennis net in front of a player holding a tennis racquet.
1	view of a tennis net beside front of a player holding a tennis racquet.
0	A tennis player's image is blurry through the tennis net.
1	a tennis player's image is blurry around` the tennis net.
0	A WHITE PLATE WITH A DEEP DISH PIZZA ON TOP OF IT
1	a white plate with a deep dish pizza behind top of it
0	a mug of beef sitting next to a plate with a slice of deep dish pizza on it
1	a mug of beef sitting next to a plate with a slice of deep dish pizza upon it
0	a deep dish pizza with cheese and vegetables under cheese and marinara sauce
1	a deep dish pizza with cheese and vegetables beside cheese and marinara sauce
0	Venus Williams is swinging at the tennis ball at the game.
1	venus williams is swinging across the tennis ball at the game.
0	a black woman wearing white attire and shoes running on a tennis court,
1	a black woman wearing white attire and shoes running beside a tennis court,
0	A woman on a tennis court playing tennis with a racket.
1	a woman over a tennis court playing tennis with a racket.
0	A woman holding a tennis racket on a tennis court.
1	a woman holding a tennis racket behind a tennis court.
0	Four men at the end of a tennis court on a sunny day
1	four men at the end of a tennis court upon a sunny day
0	a couple of people are holding tennis racket on a court
1	a couple of people are holding tennis racket upon a court
0	Four men play tennis together on a sunny day.
1	four men play tennis together behind a sunny day.
0	A laptop computer sitting on top of a black counter.
1	a laptop computer sitting beside top of a black counter.
0	A laptop open on a desk with speakers.
1	a laptop open beside a desk with speakers.
0	A wall shelf with electronic equipment on it.
1	a wall shelf with electronic equipment upon it.
0	A fake cat sitting on a table beside a pair of scissors.
1	a fake cat sitting with a table beside a pair of scissors.
0	A ceramic cat is on display in the window of this place.
1	a ceramic cat is on display at the window of this place.
0	A pile of stuffed animals sits on a bed.
1	a pile of stuffed animals sits over a bed.
0	an image of stuffed animals stacked in a pile
1	an image of stuffed animals stacked upon a pile
0	A pile of stuffed animals are on a bed.
1	a pile of stuffed animals are behind a bed.
0	A pile of stuffed toys sit on a bed.
1	a pile of stuffed toys sit with a bed.
0	A large pile of stuffed dogs on a bed
1	a large pile of stuffed dogs over a bed
0	A small child posed in a chair with a teddy bear.
1	a small child posed under a chair with a teddy bear.
0	A baby that is sitting in a chair.
1	a baby that is sitting beside a chair.
0	A baby sitting in a bamboo chair holding a teddy bear.
1	a baby sitting beside a bamboo chair holding a teddy bear.
0	Child on a pillow on a chair with a teddy bear.
1	child beside a pillow on a chair with a teddy bear.
0	A figurine that holds an iPhone stands on a table.
1	a figurine that holds an iphone stands behind a table.
0	A comical face on a cellphone with a body on it.
1	a comical face on a cellphone with a body with it.
0	A sad smart phone holding a half a banana.
1	a sad dumb phone holding a half a banana.
0	A woman walks on a sidewalk talking on her phone while others stand near.
1	a woman walks on a sidewalk talking on her phone while others stand over.
0	A young woman walking down the sidewalk talking on the phone.
1	a young woman walking down the sidewalk talking beside the phone.
0	a woman walking down a street talking on a cell phone
1	a woman walking down a street talking behind a cell phone
0	A woman walks down a city street talking on her cell phone.
1	a woman walks down a city street talking with her cell phone.
0	A beautiful woman walking down a street while talking on a cellphone.
1	a beautiful woman walking down a street while talking over a cellphone.
1	a happy woman walking down the sidewalk talking on the phone.
1	a ugly woman walking down a street while talking on a cellphone.
0	A man and woman sitting at a table with cellphone and beers.
1	a man and woman sitting upon a table with cellphone and beers.
0	Couple sitting together looking at a cell phone.
1	couple sitting together looking over a cell phone.
0	A man and woman sitting at a table, taking a selfie with a smart phone.
1	a man and woman sitting at a table, taking a selfie with a dumb phone.
0	A row of smart phones sitting on top of a wooden desk.
1	a row of smart phones sitting in top of a wooden desk.
0	Four cellphones sitting on a table in a row.
1	four cellphones sitting in a table in a row.
0	Several different types of cell phones on a table.
1	several different types of cell phones upon a table.
0	Four black cell phones sit on a table next to a white cell phone.
1	four black cell phones sit behind a table next to a white cell phone.
0	Four smart phones sitting side by side on a counter.
1	a row of dumb phones sitting on top of a wooden desk.
1	four dumb phones sitting side by side on a counter.
1	several like types of cell phones on a table.
0	There are a bunch of wrenches hanging on a wall
1	there are a bunch of wrenches hanging behind a wall
0	A wooden shelf with lots of different sized wrenches on it.
1	a wooden shelf with lots of different sized wrenches over it.
1	a wooden shelf with lots of like sized wrenches on it.
0	A woman in an office reaching up for a clock on the wall.
1	a woman in an office reaching up for a clock with the wall.
0	Three ladies in a room and one of them is fixing a clock.
1	three ladies at a room and one of them is fixing a clock.
0	A person is standing on something to get to a clock.
1	a person is standing upon something to get to a clock.
0	A group of flowers in a vase sitting on a well varnished table.
1	a group of flowers at a vase sitting on a well varnished table.
0	A vase holding white and yellow flowers on a wooden table.
1	a vase holding white and yellow flowers with a wooden table.
0	A vase filled with red roses on top of a wooden table.
1	a vase filled with red roses over top of a wooden table.
0	A vase of flowers with a bright light in the background.
1	a vase of flowers with a bright light at the background.
0	A bouquet of flowers on a table with a bright light behind it.
1	a bouquet of flowers with a table with a bright light behind it.
0	A flower arrangement on a table with back lighting.
1	a flower arrangement upon a table with back lighting.
0	Vase of flowers sitting on a table in front of a light.
1	vase of flowers sitting on a table under front of a light.
0	A plate of food with some eggs, potatoes, bread, and some other items on it.
1	a plate of food with some eggs, potatoes, bread, and some other items in it.
0	Several pictures of Asian style dishes and in the middle a person is eating.
1	several pictures of asian style dishes and beside the middle a person is eating.
0	Several pictures of food on a table at a restaurant.
1	several pictures of food on a table upon a restaurant.
0	A large truck parked next to palm trees on a street.
1	a large truck parked next to palm trees upon a street.
0	A blurry old photo of people standing near a cement mixer truck.
1	a blurry old photo of people standing upon a cement mixer truck.
0	A picture of a man sitting outside typing on his laptop.
1	a picture of a man sitting outside typing in his laptop.
0	Man sitting on a chair outdoors working on a laptop.
1	man sitting in a chair outdoors working on a laptop.
0	a man sitting outside on a laptop against a brick wall
1	a man sitting outside upon a laptop against a brick wall
0	A woman holding a colorful kite on top of a green field.
1	a woman holding a colorful kite upon top of a green field.
0	A girl is holding a large kite on a grassy field.
1	a girl is holding a large kite upon a grassy field.
0	A woman standing on grass holding a colorful kite.
1	a woman standing behind grass holding a colorful kite.
0	A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
1	a man flying around` the air while riding a skateboard.
0	A man doing a trick on a skateboard as another man watches.
1	a man doing a trick over a skateboard as another man watches.
0	Skateboarder in mid air preparing for trick as fellow boarder watch.
1	skateboarder beside mid air preparing for trick as fellow boarder watch.
0	A skateboarder performing a trick on a ramp while another one watches him.
1	a skateboarder performing a trick behind a ramp while another one watches him.
0	A woman riding a green bike with a small white dog on the back.
1	a woman riding a green bike with a small white dog with the back.
0	A woman in a fur coat on a bike with a dog in the bike's basket.
1	a woman in a fur coat over a bike with a dog in the bike's basket.
0	The woman is riding her bike with her dog on the back.
1	the woman is riding her bike with her dog behind the back.
0	a little dog standing on the back of a woman's bike
1	a little dog standing over the back of a woman's bike
0	A bathroom with a tank with the flusher on it.
1	a bathroom with a tank with the flusher upon it.
0	A bathroom with a narrow toilet and hanging towels.
1	a bathroom with a dirty toilet and hanging towels.
0	A child sitting at a table with a hot dog.
1	a child sitting upon a table with a hot dog.
0	A meal of a hot dog and some fries served in a model car on a plate.
1	a meal of a hot dog and some fries served in a model car with a plate.
0	A person sitting at table with their hot dog and fries inside a paper car cutout on a plate.
1	a person sitting beside table with their hot dog and fries inside a paper car cutout on a plate.
0	A hot dog and french fries served in a car tray
1	a hot dog and french fries served over a car tray
0	A hotdog is sitting with fries in a paper car on a plate.
1	a hotdog is sitting with fries under a paper car on a plate.
0	There is a plate of hot dogs and some fries in a car box
1	there is a plate of hot dogs and some fries beside a car box
0	A hot dog in a bun and French fries are in a paper car.
1	a hot dog under a bun and french fries are in a paper car.
0	Hot dog and french fries served in a cardboard carrier shaped like a car.
1	hot dog and french fries served over a cardboard carrier shaped like a car.
0	A hot dog and fries served in a cardboard vintage car replica.
1	a hot dog and fries served at a cardboard vintage car replica.
0	A large elephants reflection in a cars side view mirror, with other elephants in the distance.
1	a large elephants reflection in a cars side view mirror, with other elephants beside the distance.
0	An elephant is approaching in the rear view mirror.
1	an elephant is approaching at the rear view mirror.
0	An elephant is in the rear view mirror of a car.
1	an elephant is over the rear view mirror of a car.
0	Elephants in the side mirror of a car
1	elephants over the side mirror of a car
0	An adult elephant walking in the side view mirror of a car.
1	an adult elephant walking at the side view mirror of a car.
0	A green car parked by a building with the word Greed visible and a person waling in the rain with an umbrella on the sidewalk.
1	a green car parked by a building with the word greed visible and a person waling in the rain with an umbrella with the sidewalk.
0	A standing toilet in a bathroom stall covered in fecal matter.
1	a standing toilet in a bathroom stall covered over fecal matter.
0	A square in the floor with two foot holes.
1	a square in the floor on two foot holes.
0	A full view of a dirty bathroom with no toilet available.
1	a full view of a cheap bathroom with no toilet available.
0	A cat that is sitting with its head in the toilet.
1	a cat that is sitting with its head upon the toilet.
0	a cat with its head inside of a toilet bowl
1	a cat with its head through of a toilet bowl
0	A cat is drinking out of a dirty toilet.
1	a cat is drinking out of a cheap toilet.
0	There is too much stuff on top of the motorcycle.
1	there is too much stuff in top of the motorcycle.
0	A moped sitting on the street with bags surrounding it.
1	a moped sitting upon the street with bags surrounding it.
0	Dirt bikes with lights on riding along a street with people watching from the side walk.
1	dirt bikes with lights in riding along a street with people watching from the side walk.
0	Police officers are on parade as crowds watch from aside.
1	police officers are behind parade as crowds watch from aside.
0	A bathroom that has a toilet and a trash can in it.
1	a bathroom that has a toilet and a trash can upon it.
0	The toilet has a trash can and a toilet paper dispenser near it.
1	the toilet has a trash can and a toilet paper dispenser below it.
0	a bathroom that has a small little toilet in it
1	a bathroom that has a small little toilet upon it
0	A man leaning on his motorcycle along the roadside.
1	a man leaning behind his motorcycle along the roadside.
0	A man sitting on the edge of a motorcycle with the Golden Gate Bridge in the distance.
1	a man sitting on the edge of a motorcycle on the golden gate bridge in the distance.
0	A man is sitting on his motorcycle by the water.
1	a man is sitting beside his motorcycle by the water.
0	a man sitting on a motorcycle by the side of a street  with mountains, a bay and bridges in the background
1	a man sitting in a motorcycle by the side of a street with mountains, a bay and bridges in the background
0	A man is sitting on a motorcycle, wearing a jacket.
1	a man is sitting over a motorcycle, wearing a jacket.
0	Adults and children gathered at large family meal.
1	adults and children gathered over large family meal.
0	a large table that has a bunch of bowls of food on it
1	a large table that has a bunch of bowls of food with it
0	A group of people who are sitting at tables.
1	a group of people who are sitting over tables.
0	a group of people siting at a table with many plates of food
1	a group of people siting behind a table with many plates of food
0	A group of people eat food while sitting on the floor.
1	a group of people eat food while sitting behind the floor.
0	The plane is flying high in the sky.
1	the plane is flying high beside the sky.
0	the plane has a white bottom and  is flying over head
1	the plane has a white bottom and is flying on head
0	A large jetliner flying through a blue sky.
1	a large jetliner flying around` a blue sky.
0	An airplane fly's through the sky on a clear day.
1	an airplane fly's within the sky on a clear day.
0	some people in line waiting to board a  bus
1	some people over line waiting to board a bus
0	A group of people standing outside of a small bus.
1	a group of people standing underneath of a small bus.
0	Two giraffe moving very quickly in the woods.
1	two giraffe moving very quickly at the woods.
0	Some giraffes are walking around near some bushes.
1	some giraffes are walking around below some bushes.
0	There are two giraffes walking near some tall grasses.
1	there are two giraffes walking below some tall grasses.
0	Two giraffes walking in long grass near short trees.
1	two giraffes walking in short grass near short trees.
0	A large red double decker bus traveling down a busy street in London.
1	a large red double decker bus traveling down a busy street over london.
0	A double-decker bus rides alongside the curb on the street.
1	a double-decker bus rides alongside the curb over the street.
0	a person on the street with a bike moving
1	a person over the street with a bike moving
0	A white fence with a picture of a cartoon character with a blacked out eye.
1	a white fence on a picture of a cartoon character with a blacked out eye.
0	a sticker on the end of a fence
1	a sticker behind the end of a fence
0	A post with a sticker on it in a city
1	a post on a sticker on it in a city
0	A herd of animals in the middle of a grassy field.
1	a herd of animals over the middle of a grassy field.
0	many animals in a very large field with a sky in the background
1	many animals over a very large field with a sky in the background
0	The sheep are being herded in the field.
1	the sheep are being herded beside the field.
0	A herd of sheep grazing in an open field.
1	a herd of sheep grazing at an open field.
0	A sheep in a cage looking at sheep fur.
1	a sheep in a cage looking behind sheep fur.
0	A lamb standing up in a couch full of wool.
1	a lamb standing up at a couch full of wool.
0	A bench and trees on top of a hill.
1	a bench and trees behind top of a hill.
0	A picnic table sitting under a tree on the top of a hill.
1	a picnic table sitting near a tree on the top of a hill.
0	Fleet of busses parked next to each other in lot.
1	fleet of busses parked next to each other over lot.
0	A trash truck, a bus and other vehicles travelling on a busy street.
1	a trash truck, a bus and other vehicles travelling behind a busy street.
0	a fire truck bus and line of vehicles in the street
1	a fire truck bus and line of vehicles under the street
0	A large long bus and some vehicles on a street.
0	a long bus is crossing in front of a s.u.v
1	a large short bus and some vehicles on a street.
1	a short bus is crossing in front of a s.u.v
0	A city block features a grey and red bus and several people are near it and have luggage.
1	a city block features a grey and red bus and several people are across it and have luggage.
0	People get on and off the bus parked at a bus stop.
1	people get with and off the bus parked at a bus stop.
0	A bus is loading or unloading passengers on a street.
1	a bus is loading or unloading passengers over a street.
0	a yellow and brown fire hydrant on the side of the road
1	a yellow and brown fire hydrant upon the side of the road
0	A broken fire hydrant leaking water on the sidewalk.
1	a broken fire hydrant leaking water behind the sidewalk.
0	A broken fire hydrant on a city sidewalk.
1	a broken fire hydrant behind a city sidewalk.
0	A bused fire hydrant sitting on top of a sidewalk next to a street.
1	a bused fire hydrant sitting upon top of a sidewalk next to a street.
0	a short fire hydrand sitting by the curb of a weedy street
1	a long fire hydrand sitting by the curb of a weedy street
0	Two giraffes standing side by side at a zoo in front of a large city.
1	two giraffes standing side by side at a zoo at front of a large city.
0	Two giraffes standing next to each other in an enclosure.
1	two giraffes standing next to each other upon an enclosure.
0	Two giraffes standing near a pole with a city in the background.
1	two giraffes standing below a pole with a city in the background.
0	Two giraffes standing by a small fence, with bushes in the background.
1	two giraffes standing by a small fence, with bushes upon the background.
0	Two giraffes in an enclosure near a body of water.
1	two giraffes at an enclosure near a body of water.
0	Large city bus at a stop with a field of snow next to it.
1	large city bus at a stop on a field of snow next to it.
0	a bus parking on the side of the road behind a truck
1	a bus parking on the side of the road near a truck
0	A bus stopped in front of a tall red building.
1	a bus stopped over front of a tall red building.
0	A tour bus parked in the street alongside commercial buildings.
1	a tour bus parked beside the street alongside commercial buildings.
0	A bus is parked on the side of a road.
1	a bus is parked in the side of a road.
0	a blue and white bus parked on the side of the road
1	a blue and white bus parked upon the side of the road
0	Van drives by a bus sitting at the curb
1	van drives on a bus sitting at the curb
0	A congested road where different vehicles are running.
1	a congested road where like vehicles are running.
0	A parking sign is displaying spaces available on a city street
1	a parking sign is displaying spaces available over a city street
0	A road sign displays how many parking spaces are left in a parking garage.
1	a road sign displays how many parking spaces are left over a parking garage.
0	Woodpeckers on the side of trees during the day.
1	woodpeckers behind the side of trees during the day.
0	two photos of a small bird on the side of a tree
1	two photos of a small bird beside the side of a tree
0	Two shots of a redheaded bird perched on a tree trunk.
1	two shots of a redheaded bird perched over a tree trunk.
0	A bird perched on the side of a tall tree.
1	a bird perched beside the side of a tall tree.
0	Two ladies standing near a stable petting a horse.
1	two ladies standing over a stable petting a horse.
0	two ladies wearing hats holding a horse in astable
1	two ladies wearing hats holding a horse under astable
0	some people are running on a road and a green and white sign
1	some people are running beside a road and a green and white sign
0	A group of people that are running in the street.
1	a group of people that are running beside the street.
0	a couple of people walking on a highway
1	a couple of people walking behind a highway
0	A large sheep standing in the hay on the ground.
1	a large sheep standing over the hay on the ground.
0	Farm animal with her baby standing in the straw.
1	farm animal on her baby standing in the straw.
0	A young woman underneath a clear bubble umbrella
1	a young woman outside a clear bubble umbrella
0	A woman in a transparent and pink umbrella on a street.
1	a woman at a transparent and pink umbrella on a street.
0	A woman props an umbrella over her while it rains
1	a woman props an umbrella near her while it rains
0	WOMAN WALKING DOWN THE ROAD UNDER A CLEAR UMBRELLA.
1	woman walking down the road behind a clear umbrella.
1	a happy woman underneath a clear bubble umbrella
0	The train is passing by the garden with the pink rose.
1	the train is passing on the garden with the pink rose.
0	There is a pink flower and in the distance is a train.
1	there is a pink flower and under the distance is a train.
0	Awoman is standing beside a stop sign in a museum.
1	awoman is standing at a stop sign in a museum.
0	A woman leans on a lit up stop sign at an art exhibit.
1	a woman leans with a lit up stop sign at an art exhibit.
0	A man walking towards a stop sign on the sidewalk.
1	a man walking towards a stop sign in the sidewalk.
0	A police officer walking down a city street with a stop sign, buildings, and parked cars in the background.
1	a police officer walking down a city street with a stop sign, buildings, and parked cars over the background.
0	A man spray paints graffiti on the side of a van.
1	a man spray paints graffiti behind the side of a van.
0	A man spray painting a van that is already heavily graffiti-ed.
1	a man spray painting a van that is already lightly graffiti-ed.
0	An orange cat laying on a white and brown cat in a bed.
1	an orange cat laying on a white and brown cat under a bed.
0	Two cats lay together on a blanket.
1	two cats lay together upon a blanket.
0	Two cats cuddle next to each other on a flowery blanket.
1	two cats cuddle next to each other beside a flowery blanket.
0	A white and gray cat and an orange tabby cat snuggle on a blanket.
1	a white and gray cat and an orange tabby cat snuggle upon a blanket.
0	A red and white utility truck with a sign in the truck bed.
1	a red and white utility truck with a sign upon the truck bed.
0	A truck is carrying a sign with an arrow on it.
1	a truck is carrying a sign with an arrow upon it.
0	A fire truck with a sign in its bed parked on the grass.
1	a fire truck with a sign over its bed parked on the grass.
0	Bird sits atop cattle on snow covered field.
1	bird sits atop cattle beside snow covered field.
0	a bird is standing on the back of a cow
1	a bird is standing over the back of a cow
0	There is a bird standing on the back of the cow.
1	there is a bird standing behind the back of the cow.
0	a cow that has a small white bird on it
1	a cow that has a small white bird upon it
0	Three men in boxers and ties holding up signs.
1	three men over boxers and ties holding up signs.
0	Men in ties, boxer shorts and socks hold up signs for a clothing store event.
1	men at ties, boxer shorts and socks hold up signs for a clothing store event.
0	Three men on a sidewalk with ties and boxers on holding up signs.
1	three men on a sidewalk with ties and boxers behind holding up signs.
0	Three handsome young men advertise Men's Wearhouse in their underwear.
1	three handsome happy men advertise men's wearhouse in their underwear.
0	some people umbrellas and two boats on some water
1	some people umbrellas and two boats over some water
0	A boat sitting in the water at a beach with people swimming.
1	a boat sitting in the water upon a beach with people swimming.
0	A small fishing boat floats in the ocean near a sandy beach.
1	a small fishing boat floats upon the ocean near a sandy beach.
0	A photo of beach scene with people under umberellas, in the water, and on a boat.
1	a photo of beach scene with people beside umberellas, in the water, and on a boat.
0	two tags one with an elephant on one and a dog on the other
1	two tags one with an elephant upon one and a dog on the other
0	The paper tags have pictures of animals on them.
1	the paper tags have pictures of animals with them.
0	Two tags with an elephant and a dog drawn on them
1	two tags with an elephant and a dog drawn over them
0	A group of people walking through a field under the sun.
1	a group of people walking within a field under the sun.
0	A large group of people riding elephants through the brush.
1	a large group of people riding elephants up the brush.
0	Several groups of people riding on the back of elephants.
1	several groups of people riding over the back of elephants.
0	A group of people taking a ride on a group of elephants.
1	a group of people taking a ride with a group of elephants.
0	Groups of people riding on the backs of elephants.
1	groups of people riding upon the backs of elephants.
0	A very colorful painting on an elephant statue
1	a very colorful painting in an elephant statue
0	a colorful sculpture of an elephant in a park
1	a colorful sculpture of an elephant upon a park
0	A man wearing a shirt and tie near a forest.
1	a man wearing a shirt and tie across a forest.
0	A man smiles while standing in a forest.
1	a man smiles while standing over a forest.
0	Lhasa Apso dog posing under a paper umbrella.
1	lhasa apso dog posing behind a paper umbrella.
0	A small adorable dog sitting under an umbrella.
1	a small adorable dog sitting below an umbrella.
0	A group of people standing and sitting on top of a field.
1	a group of people standing and sitting with top of a field.
0	A yellow red umbrella in a crowd of people.
1	a yellow red umbrella under a crowd of people.
0	a guy in the photo looks sad and dark
1	a guy upon the photo looks sad and dark
0	A man who appears to be dressed formally is posing for the camera.
1	a man who appears to be dressed informally is posing for the camera.
0	A young woman walks in the rain, smiling and holding an umbrella.
1	a young woman walks under the rain, smiling and holding an umbrella.
0	A woman in short yellow shorts walking in the rain.
1	a woman upon short yellow shorts walking in the rain.
0	a woman in a short holding an umbrella on the road
1	a woman beside a short holding an umbrella on the road
0	A woman is holding an umbrella on a rainy day.
1	a woman is holding an umbrella beside a rainy day.
1	a happy woman walks in the rain, smiling and holding an umbrella.
1	a woman in long yellow shorts walking in the rain.
1	a woman in a long holding an umbrella on the road
0	A black-and-white photo of three men standing in the parking lot with one holding an umbrella.
1	a black-and-white photo of three men standing beside the parking lot with one holding an umbrella.
0	Thee people stand in a lot while one holds an umbrella.
1	thee people stand at a lot while one holds an umbrella.
0	Three men and an umbrella in a parking lot.
1	three men and an umbrella upon a parking lot.
0	Three men are standing in a parking lot.
1	three men are standing upon a parking lot.
0	A group of three young men holding an umbrella.
1	a group of three happy men holding an umbrella.
0	lots of men in suits and one boy is sitting on some luggage
1	lots of men in suits and one boy is sitting behind some luggage
0	A young child sits on a stack of luggage.
1	a young child sits behind a stack of luggage.
0	A large group of men line up in a bank while a boy sits atop the luggage.
1	a large group of men line up beside a bank while a boy sits atop the luggage.
1	a happy child sits on a stack of luggage.
0	A man jumping in the air catching a frisbee on a field.
1	a man jumping over the air catching a frisbee on a field.
0	a man leaping in the air for a frisby
1	a man leaping beside the air for a frisby
0	a man with a frisbee on the field playing
1	a man with a frisbee over the field playing
0	a large group of zebras under a shingled roof
1	a large group of zebras behind a shingled roof
0	Several zebras in the shade of an outdoor patio.
1	several zebras beside the shade of an outdoor patio.
0	A large group of zebra standing in the shade.
1	a large group of zebra standing upon the shade.
1	several zebras in the shade of an indoor patio.
0	a couple sitting on a horse statue posing for a picture in grassy setting
1	a couple sitting over a horse statue posing for a picture in grassy setting
0	A couple posing on a horse statue in a courtyard.
1	a couple posing in a horse statue in a courtyard.
0	A man and woman are sitting on a statue of a horse.
1	a man and woman are sitting in a statue of a horse.
0	a man and woman on a patio riding a statue
1	a man and woman beside a patio riding a statue
0	Horses are standing behind a wire fence.
1	horses are standing near a wire fence.
0	Four horses are standing behind a wire fence.
1	four horses are standing across a wire fence.
0	A man riding a horse on an open plane.
1	a man riding a horse upon an open plane.
0	A person riding a horse through a field.
1	a person riding a horse within a field.
0	A baseball pitcher on a mound throwing a ball.
1	a baseball pitcher behind a mound throwing a ball.
0	A man in baseball team uniform on pitchers mound in throwing stance with mitt on a hand and ball in a hand with spectators in stands behind.
1	a man in baseball team uniform over pitchers mound in throwing stance with mitt on a hand and ball in a hand with spectators in stands behind.
0	Several bunches of bananas are on a table.
1	several bunches of bananas are behind a table.
0	A bunch of bananas on a table top.
1	a bunch of bananas beside a table top.
0	Bunches of bananas are ripe or green on a blue tablecloth at a market
1	bunches of bananas are ripe or green beside a blue tablecloth at a market
0	A banana sitting on a wooden table next to jars of food.
1	a banana sitting behind a wooden table next to jars of food.
0	bananas on a counter next to cumin seed botttle
1	bananas in a counter next to cumin seed botttle
0	a close up of a bunch of bananas next to a jar of food
1	a close underneath of a bunch of bananas next to a jar of food
0	a man is out in the snow with skis
1	a man is out under the snow with skis
0	A man on snow skis with a short sleeve shirt on.
1	a man on snow skis with a short sleeve shirt behind.
0	a person riding skis on a snowy surface
1	a person riding skis beside a snowy surface
1	a man on snow skis with a long sleeve shirt on.
0	A bunch of green bananas laying on a stone table.
1	a bunch of green bananas laying in a stone table.
0	Several bunches of green bananas are resting on bricks.
1	several bunches of green bananas are resting over bricks.
0	a couple of people on skis ride through the snow
1	a couple of people behind skis ride through the snow
0	Three people walking with skis on in the snow.
1	three people walking with skis over in the snow.
0	Several cross-country skiers on a snowy path in the woods.
1	several cross-country skiers behind a snowy path in the woods.
0	people skiing though snow on a trail through trees
1	people skiing though snow beside a trail through trees
0	A plate with rice topped with scallops and a side of broccoli.
1	a plate on rice topped with scallops and a side of broccoli.
0	A plate filled with different food is on a table.
1	a plate filled with different food is beside a table.
0	A meal of scallops and broccoli on a pink plate.
1	a meal of scallops and broccoli upon a pink plate.
1	a plate filled with like food is on a table.
0	A small white plate with some food on it.
1	a small white plate with some food in it.
0	A simple meal of chicken and a large serving of broccoli.
1	a hard meal of chicken and a large serving of broccoli.
0	A boy on the eselcator with a skateboard
1	a boy over the eselcator with a skateboard
0	Young man with backpack holding skateboard going down escalator.
0	A young man holding a skateboard riding down an escalator.
1	happy man with backpack holding skateboard going down escalator.
1	a happy man holding a skateboard riding down an escalator.
0	Family with small child in ski wear and skis standing beside a ski resort village at dusk.
1	family on small child in ski wear and skis standing beside a ski resort village at dusk.
0	A group of people standing on the ski slopes.
1	a group of people standing in the ski slopes.
0	people in the snow standing around a little kid laying down
1	people at the snow standing around a little kid laying down
0	A couple of containers filled with food sitting on top of a table.
1	a couple of containers filled with food sitting in top of a table.
0	a table top with some trey of food on it
1	a table top with some trey of food beside it
0	Several ripe red apples resting in the grass.
1	several ripe red apples resting beside the grass.
0	A bunch of red apples lay on the green grass.
1	a bunch of red apples lay with the green grass.
0	Several red apples laying in the grass together.
1	several red apples laying under the grass together.
0	A group of pink apples sit on the grass and wait to be picked up.
1	a group of pink apples sit in the grass and wait to be picked up.
0	a man is in the air on a skateboard
1	a man is in the air over a skateboard
0	A couple of young children skateboarding at a skate park.
1	a couple of happy children skateboarding at a skate park.
0	a person on skies performing on an obstacle course
1	a person in skies performing on an obstacle course
0	The person skis through the snowy area around the sticks.
1	the person skis within the snowy area around the sticks.
0	Someone skiing down a course on a hill.
1	someone skiing down a course behind a hill.
0	A young lady travels down the ski slopes dressed in a bright red and white ski suit.
1	a happy lady travels down the ski slopes dressed in a bright red and white ski suit.
0	A teenager shoots flames at a friend balancing on a skateboard.
1	a teenager shoots flames at a friend balancing beside a skateboard.
0	a man rides his skateboard on a small ledge while another man lights the spray from a can on fire
1	a man rides his skateboard over a small ledge while another man lights the spray from a can on fire
0	A skateboarder on a rail in a  building with another man using a spray can as a blow torch.
1	a skateboarder on a rail under a building with another man using a spray can as a blow torch.
0	A man ignites spray from a can next to his friend on a skateboard
1	a man ignites spray from a can next to his friend with a skateboard
0	The young man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard while the other is playing with fire.
1	the happy man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard while the other is playing with fire.
0	A boy leaning against a rail on his skateboard
1	a boy leaning against a rail behind his skateboard
0	A man riding a skateboard leaning on top of metal fence.
1	a man riding a skateboard leaning behind top of metal fence.
0	A person on a skateboard leaning on a fence
1	a person on a skateboard leaning with a fence
0	A skier in a race jumping over a small hill
1	a skier at a race jumping over a small hill
0	A skier jumping a small hill on the slope.
1	a skier jumping a small hill upon the slope.
0	A skier skiing in a race between flags.
1	a skier skiing beside a race between flags.
0	A skier jumping off a hill on a slalom course.
1	a skier jumping off a hill in a slalom course.
0	A skier goes over a small ski jump on a gentle slope.
1	a skier goes over a small ski jump behind a gentle slope.
0	A pot on the stove is filled with food.
1	a pot in the stove is filled with food.
0	Food, including meat and mushrooms, sits in a pot on the stove.
1	food, including meat and mushrooms, sits under a pot on the stove.
0	A pot roast cooking on a stove top with carrots and mushrooms.
1	a pot roast cooking behind a stove top with carrots and mushrooms.
0	A young boy jumps into the air on a skateboard in front of grassy field.
1	a young boy jumps into the air upon a skateboard in front of grassy field.
0	A man flying through the air on a skateboard.
1	a man flying through the air upon a skateboard.
0	A boy is jumping in the air and flipping a skateboard.
1	a boy is jumping beside the air and flipping a skateboard.
0	A person on a skateboard in the air doing a trick.
1	a person behind a skateboard in the air doing a trick.
1	a happy boy jumps into the air on a skateboard in front of grassy field.
0	Skateboarder practicing on homemade wooden obstacles in a grassy field.
1	skateboarder practicing on homemade wooden obstacles beside a grassy field.
0	A skateboarder does a trick on the edge of a ramp.
1	a skateboarder does a trick with the edge of a ramp.
0	A person on a skateboard on a wooden platform.
1	a person on a skateboard over a wooden platform.
0	The rider does a trick on the skateboard.
1	the rider does a trick upon the skateboard.
0	Older lady in hat with tray of hot dogs in front of stove and another older lady.
1	older lady under hat with tray of hot dogs in front of stove and another older lady.
0	A women in a kitchen holding a tray of hot dogs .
1	a women under a kitchen holding a tray of hot dogs.
0	A woman in a cowboy hat holding a tray filled with hotdogs.
1	a woman upon a cowboy hat holding a tray filled with hotdogs.
0	A woman holding a tray of hot dogs in a kitchen.
1	a woman holding a tray of hot dogs at a kitchen.
0	A person on snow skis, with a backpack, skiing down a mountain.
1	a person beside snow skis, with a backpack, skiing down a mountain.
0	The downhill skier is intent in his race.
1	the downhill skier is intent at his race.
0	Skier in full gear near start of run, with onlookers.
1	skier in full gear in start of run, with onlookers.
0	A half a slice of bread covered in peanut butter sitting next to a half a slice of bread covered with jelly on a cutting board next to a knife.
1	a half a slice of bread covered over peanut butter sitting next to a half a slice of bread covered with jelly on a cutting board next to a knife.
0	A peanut butter and jelly sandwich is cut in half.
1	a peanut butter and jelly sandwich is cut under half.
0	The sandwich is divided in half, one side peanut butter and the other side is jelly.
1	the sandwich is divided beside half, one side peanut butter and the other side is jelly.
0	A couple of men in the water on surfboards.
1	a couple of men over the water on surfboards.
0	People riding the high waves on their surfboards.
1	people riding the high waves over their surfboards.
0	Two surfers riding the waves in the ocean.
1	two surfers riding the waves beside the ocean.
0	A little boy sitting in front of a birthday cake.
1	a little boy sitting over front of a birthday cake.
0	A boy sitting at a table with a birthday cake and a candle lit on top of it.
1	a boy sitting at a table with a birthday cake and a candle lit behind top of it.
0	A boy sits behind his birthday cake with monsters on it.
1	a boy sits beside his birthday cake with monsters on it.
0	A young boy smiles as he sits in front of a birthday cake.
1	a young boy smiles as he sits under front of a birthday cake.
1	a happy boy smiles as he sits in front of a birthday cake.
0	An adult carries a child and a surfboard through the waves.
1	an adult carries a child and a surfboard up the waves.
0	person holding a child and a surf board are standing in the vast ocean
1	person holding a child and a surf board are standing at the vast ocean
0	Man carrying a child and surfboard in the ocean.
1	man carrying a child and surfboard under the ocean.
0	a male surfer in black shorts carrying a white board
1	a male surfer upon black shorts carrying a white board
0	The man is walking with his surfboard on the beach by the water.
1	the man is walking with his surfboard upon the beach by the water.
0	A tattooed surfer walking on the beach with his board
1	a tattooed surfer walking over the beach with his board
0	a fully baked pizza sitting on a plate on a table
1	a fully baked pizza sitting on a plate in a table
0	A whole pizza sliced and on a plate.
1	a whole pizza sliced and behind a plate.
0	A large pizza with topping served on a wooden board
1	a large pizza with topping served behind a wooden board
0	A sliced pizza with salad on it sitting on a table.
1	a sliced pizza with salad on it sitting upon a table.
0	The pizza is ready on the table to be eaten.
1	the pizza is ready upon the table to be eaten.
0	VEGETABLE PIZZA AS BIG AS THE TABLE IT SITS ON
1	vegetable pizza as big as the table it sits upon
0	A man falling off a surfboard in the ocean.
1	a man falling off a surfboard beside the ocean.
0	a man in a wetsuit riding a wave with a surfboard
1	a man at a wetsuit riding a wave with a surfboard
0	A man changes a light bulb in a darkened bar.
1	a man changes a light bulb at a darkened bar.
0	A man sits at a bar in front of dozens of bottles of alcohol.
1	a man sits at a bar at front of dozens of bottles of alcohol.
0	Bottles, and glasses are lined up on shelves in a bar.
1	bottles, and glasses are lined up over shelves in a bar.
0	A man sitting at a bar that contains a lot of bottles.
1	a man sitting beside a bar that contains a lot of bottles.
0	A man sits at a bar in front of shelves full of bottles.
1	a man sits behind a bar in front of shelves full of bottles.
0	A pizza sitting on top of a pan on a table.
1	a pizza sitting on top of a pan over a table.
0	A pizza with pepperonis, tomatoes and cheese on a pan.
1	a pizza with pepperonis, tomatoes and cheese upon a pan.
0	A fully cooked pizza that has been placed on the table.
1	a fully cooked pizza that has been placed over the table.
0	a pizza on a plate with some other food on the same table
1	a pizza on a plate with some other food in the same table
0	A well done pizza with tomato chunks and sliced tomato is sitting on a white plate on a table.
1	a well done pizza with tomato chunks and sliced tomato is sitting behind a white plate on a table.
0	A large cut pizza on a pan on a table.
1	a large cut pizza beside a pan on a table.
0	A pizza sitting on top of a white plate.
1	a pizza sitting over top of a white plate.
0	A pizza is shown displayed on a plate.
1	a pizza is shown displayed over a plate.
0	There is a partial pizza in a box, topped with mushrooms and olives.
1	there is a partial pizza in a box, topped on mushrooms and olives.
0	A box with a pizza that has cheese. mushrooms and black olives on it, cut into pieces.
1	a box with a pizza that has cheese. mushrooms and black olives behind it, cut into pieces.
0	A box with pizza in it that has different toppings.
1	a box with pizza in it that has like toppings.
0	A tray with different types of pizza on it
1	a tray with different types of pizza in it
0	A brick oven sampler pizza on a table.
1	a brick oven sampler pizza upon a table.
0	Several pieces of pizza sit on a piece of cardboard.
1	several pieces of pizza sit in a piece of cardboard.
0	There are 3 slices of pizza left on  the tray
1	there are 3 slices of pizza left with the tray
0	Several different types of pizza are on the plate.
1	a tray with like types of pizza on it
1	several like types of pizza are on the plate.
0	Three different electronic devices sitting on a brown table.
1	three different electronic devices sitting over a brown table.
0	Three electronic devices sitting close together on a wooden surface
1	three electronic devices sitting close together in a wooden surface
0	Two cell phones and an eyeglass case are on a table.
1	two cell phones and an eyeglass case are upon a table.
1	three like electronic devices sitting on a brown table.
0	a red table and a coach in a room
1	a red table and a coach over a room
0	A little boy kneeling on a bed with a remote in his hands.
1	a little boy kneeling in a bed with a remote in his hands.
0	A young boy who is holding a video game controller.
1	a happy boy who is holding a video game controller.
0	Woman looking at cell phone while standing next to wall with artwork.
1	woman looking beside cell phone while standing next to wall with artwork.
0	A woman stands in a field holding a kite.
1	a woman stands under a field holding a kite.
0	A little girl standing next to a man on top of a park.
1	a little girl standing next to a man over top of a park.
0	A boy is flying a butterfly kite while a girl looks on.
1	a boy is flying a butterfly kite while a girl looks beside.
0	A man wearing a suit and hat standing outside on a sunny day.
1	a man wearing a suit and hat standing outside with a sunny day.
0	People spread out on a field watching distant hot air balloons.
1	people spread out with a field watching distant hot air balloons.
0	A man is standing near people who are flying kites.
1	a man is standing across people who are flying kites.
0	A girl dressed in black flying a colorful kite near the water.
1	a girl dressed in black flying a colorful kite across the water.
0	A girl is flying a kite near the water.
1	a girl is flying a kite below the water.
0	A woman flying a kite near a body of water.
1	a woman flying a kite across a body of water.
0	A person flying a kite while on a grassy slope.
1	a person flying a kite while in a grassy slope.
0	A man and other people are throwing things in a field.
1	a man and other people are throwing things under a field.
0	Man in winter clothing delivering hit with bat to ball.
1	man under winter clothing delivering hit with bat to ball.
0	two men playing baseball in the freezing snow
1	two men playing baseball beside the freezing snow
0	A baseball player poses on a baseball card.
1	a baseball player poses behind a baseball card.
0	A man dressed in dark colors holding a bat.
1	a man dressed beside dark colors holding a bat.
0	An old stove and trash bags sit on the curb.
1	an old stove and trash bags sit in the curb.
0	A tossed stove with fish drawn on the sides.
1	a tossed stove with fish drawn over the sides.
0	An old junked stove with a bag of trash sitting on the side of the road.
1	an old junked stove with a bag of trash sitting in the side of the road.
0	Professional baseball player at bat at citi stadium.
1	professional baseball player upon bat at citi stadium.
0	A baseball player standing on a baseball field swinging a bat.
1	a baseball player standing upon a baseball field swinging a bat.
0	A baseball player has just swung his bat at a pitch.
1	a baseball player has just swung his bat upon a pitch.
0	A baseball player swinging his bat in front of a crowd.
1	a baseball player swinging his bat under front of a crowd.
0	The flowers are in a tall clear vase with water.
1	the flowers are under a tall clear vase with water.
0	A vase filled with flowers on top of a table.
1	a vase filled with flowers in top of a table.
0	Picture of white and orange flowers in a vase
1	picture of white and orange flowers under a vase
0	A boy in a black shirt playing baseball on a field.
1	a boy in a black shirt playing baseball in a field.
0	Boy standing at home plate holding a baseball bat
1	boy standing over home plate holding a baseball bat
0	A young man taking a swing at a baseball
0	A young boy prepares to swing a baseball bat.
0	a young baseball player standing with a bat
1	a happy man taking a swing at a baseball
1	a happy boy prepares to swing a baseball bat.
1	a happy baseball player standing with a bat
0	Deserts on a decks with bottle of orange juice.
1	deserts on a decks on bottle of orange juice.
0	A white table has pizza and orange juice and plates and napkins on it.
1	a white table has pizza and orange juice and plates and napkins with it.
0	A very tall church with a clock on it.
1	a very tall church with a clock behind it.
0	The bell tower rises over an old church.
1	the bell tower rises upon an old church.
0	Two pink flowers in oddly shaped wood vase.
1	two pink flowers at oddly shaped wood vase.
0	A wooden vase with flowers on a table.
1	a wooden vase with flowers beside a table.
0	Two large, purple flowers are in a large vase.
1	two large, purple flowers are under a large vase.
0	A group of people sitting at a table with laptops.
1	a group of people sitting across a table with laptops.
0	A group of white folks sit in front of laptop computers.
1	a group of white folks sit beside front of laptop computers.
0	Multiple people are sitting around working on computers.
1	multiple people are sitting around working with computers.
0	A group of people who are standing in front of a laptop.
1	a group of people who are standing over front of a laptop.
0	Several people standing up and looking at laptops that are on a table.
1	several people standing up and looking upon laptops that are on a table.
0	Two crackers and hot beverage are on a plate.
1	two crackers and hot beverage are beside a plate.
0	some cookies and a mug on a plate
1	some cookies and a mug over a plate
0	a beverage filled mug and two cookies on a plate
1	a beverage filled mug and two cookies with a plate
0	Pancakes, hashbrowns and eggs on plates with a glass of juice nearby.
1	pancakes, hashbrowns and eggs with plates with a glass of juice nearby.
0	A potato, egg and pancake breakfast served on two plates.
1	a potato, egg and pancake breakfast served in two plates.
0	A clock in an old building, above pillars and below a half round stain glass window.
1	a clock under an old building, above pillars and below a half round stain glass window.
0	A clock mounted in the decorative wall of a building.
1	a clock mounted at the decorative wall of a building.
0	A clock on a set of statue displays over an entrance with columns.
1	a clock over a set of statue displays over an entrance with columns.
0	Two girls are sitting on a couch looking at cellphones.
1	two girls are sitting in a couch looking at cellphones.
0	a close up of two people using cell phones
1	a close within of two people using cell phones
0	Two young ladies sitting on a couch texting on their cell phones.
1	two happy ladies sitting on a couch texting on their cell phones.
0	A coffee maker and microwave in a room.
1	a coffee maker and microwave beside a room.
0	A coffee pot and microwave are on a white counter.
1	a coffee pot and microwave are upon a white counter.
0	A coffeepot with some coffee in it, near a microwave.
1	a coffeepot with some coffee over it, near a microwave.
0	A kitchen counter with some appliances on it
1	a kitchen counter with some appliances beside it
0	A bread oven with a wood fire burning in it.
1	a bread oven with a wood fire burning upon it.
0	a clock is hanging up in a bar
1	a clock is hanging up beside a bar
0	A clock in a bar with a saying above it on a sign.
1	a clock over a bar with a saying above it on a sign.
0	Flags wave beneath the illuminated clock and tower.
1	flags wave inside the illuminated clock and tower.
0	A tree branch in the foreground with a clock tower set against a blue sky in the background.
1	a tree branch under the foreground with a clock tower set against a blue sky in the background.
0	A clock tower on a late eveining day
1	a clock tower with a late eveining day
0	an old stone building with a clock mounted on the side.
1	an old stone building with a clock mounted with the side.
0	A clock that is sitting on the side of a building.
1	a clock that is sitting with the side of a building.
0	A clock tower gives the time on the side of an old building.
1	a clock tower gives the time behind the side of an old building.
0	a big mess of flowers in some kind of vases
1	a big mess of flowers upon some kind of vases
0	A couch and a vase of flowers in a room.
1	a couch and a vase of flowers upon a room.
0	a vase full of colorful flowers in a bedroom
1	a vase full of colorful flowers over a bedroom
0	A pretty mixture of colorful flowers in a vase.
1	a pretty mixture of colorful flowers at a vase.
0	A vase filled with lots of different colored flowers.
1	a vase filled with lots of like colored flowers.
0	A close shot of red flowers in the vase.
1	a close shot of red flowers beside the vase.
0	A vase with flowers sits on a table.
1	a vase with flowers sits with a table.
0	there are many flowers in a large vase
1	there are many flowers beside a large vase
0	A vase painted with fish holds flowers outside of a window.
1	a vase painted with fish holds flowers towards of a window.
0	Five people in colorful outfits riding a long bike.
1	five people beside colorful outfits riding a long bike.
0	The sculpture is of five people in clown costumes riding one long bike.
0	The people is dressed up as funny clowns
1	the sculpture is of five people in clown costumes riding one short bike.
1	five people in colorful outfits riding a short bike.
1	the people is dressed up as dull clowns
0	A person sitting on a large cement planter.
1	a person sitting upon a large cement planter.
0	A motorcycle parked near a woman sitting on a stone wall.
1	a motorcycle parked near a woman sitting upon a stone wall.
0	A woman sits on a concrete step while a scooter sits nearby.
1	a woman sits with a concrete step while a scooter sits nearby.
0	Some chairs sit at an island near an open door.
1	some chairs sit beside an island near an open door.
0	A kitchen in a house under construction and painting.
1	a kitchen upon a house under construction and painting.
0	In an unfinished room a counter sits with three chairs while a stove and cabinets sit in the distance.
1	in an unfinished room a counter sits on three chairs while a stove and cabinets sit in the distance.
0	A large navy propeller plane is boarded on the tarmac
1	a large navy propeller plane is boarded upon the tarmac
0	A ladder is set on the side of a humongous airplane.
1	a ladder is set in the side of a humongous airplane.
0	a very large aircraft from a long time ago
1	a very large aircraft from a short time ago
0	A young girl speaking on a cell phone near a produce vendor.
1	a young girl speaking beside a cell phone near a produce vendor.
0	A roadside vendor sells food to passersby on the street
1	a roadside vendor sells food to passersby behind the street
0	A woman is selling fruit in a poor neighborhood.
1	a woman is selling fruit under a poor neighborhood.
1	a happy girl speaking on a cell phone near a produce vendor.
0	An orange cutting knife on top of a black case.
1	an orange cutting knife over top of a black case.
0	The small scissors are on top of a wallet which is on a flowered tablecloth.
1	the small scissors are over top of a wallet which is on a flowered tablecloth.
0	An orange cutting tool on top of a black leather case.
1	an orange cutting tool upon top of a black leather case.
0	THERE IS FOOD IN THE FRYING PAN ON THE STOVE
1	there is food upon the frying pan on the stove
0	This kitchen features a pan with food items in it on the stove.
1	this kitchen features a pan with food items under it on the stove.
0	A pan that is sitting on the stove.
1	a pan that is sitting upon the stove.
0	A man sitting on a bench on top of a pier.
1	a man sitting on a bench in top of a pier.
0	A man sitting on a bench next to a bicycle.
1	a man sitting beside a bench next to a bicycle.
0	A man is sitting on a bench near a bike looking at the water.
1	a man is sitting on a bench below a bike looking at the water.
0	A man sitting outside on a bench looking out towards a body of water
1	a man sitting outside beside a bench looking out towards a body of water
0	A man is overlooking the water on a bench.
1	a man is overlooking the water in a bench.
0	A person standing next to a bike covered in flowers.
1	a person standing next to a bike covered over flowers.
0	A person pushing a bicycle covered in flowers down a street.
1	a person pushing a bicycle covered beside flowers down a street.
0	A couple of white wall mounted urinals sitting over a blue floor.
1	a couple of white wall mounted urinals sitting on a blue floor.
0	A public bathroom with urinals and sinks in it.
1	a public bathroom on urinals and sinks in it.
0	You can see a blue towel hanging in the mirror.
1	you can see a blue towel hanging at the mirror.
0	A white sink and a mirror in a room.
1	a white sink and a mirror under a room.
0	There is a sink and a mirror in the bathroom.
1	there is a sink and a mirror under the bathroom.
0	A sink and a mirror in someones bathroom.
1	a sink and a mirror over someones bathroom.
0	A white toilet with a blue seat on a display platform.
1	a white toilet with a blue seat with a display platform.
0	A blue, misshapen toilet seat sits on a toilet.
1	a blue, misshapen toilet seat sits upon a toilet.
0	A man in a suit with a red and blue tie.
1	a man at a suit with a red and blue tie.
0	these people are riding bikes in the street at night
1	these people are riding bikes in the street behind night
0	there are two people on motorcycles approaching a tunnel
1	there are two people behind motorcycles approaching a tunnel
0	A pair of motorcyclists drive down a highway at night.
1	a pair of motorcyclists drive down a highway over night.
0	Two motorcycles going through the tunnel at night.
1	two motorcycles going up the tunnel at night.
0	A bright pink toilet seat in a bathroom.
1	a bright pink toilet seat upon a bathroom.
0	The neon purple toilet with lid lifted is in the bathroom with brown tile.
1	the neon purple toilet with lid lifted is beside the bathroom with brown tile.
0	yellow and red motorcycle with a man riding on it next to grass
1	yellow and red motorcycle with a man riding with it next to grass
0	A person on a motorcycle riding around a curve.
1	a person over a motorcycle riding around a curve.
0	A man riding a dirt bike on a country road in a forest.
1	a man riding a dirt bike on a country road under a forest.
0	A man on a motorbike is shown driving down the road.
1	a man behind a motorbike is shown driving down the road.
0	a person riding a dirt bike on a road
1	a person riding a dirt bike beside a road
0	Yellow motorcycle parked on a lot with other motorcycles.
1	yellow motorcycle parked upon a lot with other motorcycles.
0	a yellow motorcycle is sitting in a lot
1	a yellow motorcycle is sitting under a lot
0	A highly stylized yellow and black motorcycle parked at a show
1	a highly stylized yellow and black motorcycle parked beside a show
0	A computer terminal sits adopt a wooden item of furniture in a bedroom setting.
1	a computer terminal sits adopt a wooden item of furniture under a bedroom setting.
0	A room with a bed and a television on a chest of drawers.
1	a room with a bed and a television in a chest of drawers.
0	A couple of small airplanes high up in the sky.
1	a couple of small airplanes high up upon the sky.
0	A propeller plane flying through a gray sky.
1	a propeller plane flying up a gray sky.
0	a plane flying high in a blue, grey and white sky.
1	a plane flying high over a blue, grey and white sky.
0	The big airplane is flying in the cloudy sky.
1	the big airplane is flying at the cloudy sky.
0	a traffic light and street signs on a city street
1	a traffic light and street signs behind a city street
0	An intersection that has many signs on black and white striped poles.
1	an intersection that has many signs with black and white striped poles.
0	A cross walk at the intersection of a quiet street.
1	a cross walk behind the intersection of a quiet street.
0	A girl sitting on a bench in front of a stone wall.
1	a girl sitting behind a bench in front of a stone wall.
0	A woman in black sits on a park bench.
1	a woman under black sits on a park bench.
0	A woman sitting on a bench in a stone alcove.
1	a woman sitting in a bench in a stone alcove.
0	A young woman in black spotted tights is sitting on a bench.
1	a young woman at black spotted tights is sitting on a bench.
0	A beautiful woman sitting on a bench next to a stone building.
1	a beautiful woman sitting over a bench next to a stone building.
1	a happy woman in black spotted tights is sitting on a bench.
1	a ugly woman sitting on a bench next to a stone building.
0	very many planes being offloaded at the airport
1	very many planes being offloaded upon the airport
0	A row of airplanes in a yard at an airport.
1	a row of airplanes over a yard at an airport.
0	Airplanes pulled up at an airport loading area
1	airplanes pulled up upon an airport loading area
0	An airport tarmac line with jetliners under a dark blue sky.
1	an airport tarmac line with jetliners across a dark blue sky.
0	A bunch of commercial planes parked by terminals at night.
1	a bunch of commercial planes parked by terminals across night.
0	A giraffe walking in a grassy area next to trees.
1	a giraffe walking at a grassy area next to trees.
0	A giraffe stands by itself in the weeds and trees.
1	a giraffe stands by itself upon the weeds and trees.
0	Tall giraffe in natural outdoor setting of grasses and trees.
1	tall giraffe at natural outdoor setting of grasses and trees.
0	A single giraffe standing in tall grass next to a tree
1	a single giraffe standing at tall grass next to a tree
1	tall giraffe in natural indoor setting of grasses and trees.
0	A large white airplane sitting on a runway.
1	a large white airplane sitting over a runway.
0	A KLM jet airplane sitting on the tarmac at an airport.
1	a klm jet airplane sitting on the tarmac beside an airport.
0	A passenger jet taxis on an airport tarmac.
1	a passenger jet taxis with an airport tarmac.
0	A KLM passenger jet taxis on an airport runway.
1	a klm passenger jet taxis with an airport runway.
0	A dark street with a bicycle near a tree on the side of a building.
1	a dark street with a bicycle near a tree beside the side of a building.
0	A tree stands beside the building on the empty sidewalk.
1	a tree stands beside the building beside the empty sidewalk.
0	A dark shot of a building on a street at night
1	a dark shot of a building with a street at night
0	A shadow of a traffic light cast on a white building with bars in it's windows.
1	a shadow of a traffic light cast on a white building with bars beside it's windows.
0	A red traffic light with a sad face drawn over it.
1	a red traffic light with a sad face drawn on it.
0	A red stoplight with a street in the background.
1	a red stoplight on a street in the background.
0	The sign is now at a red light.
1	the sign is now upon a red light.
0	A  tree lined park setting with a man sitting on a bench, another man standing up in the grass adn a dog resting on the grass.
1	a tree lined park setting with a man sitting on a bench, another man standing up under the grass adn a dog resting on the grass.
0	Two man at the park and dog laying on the ground.
1	two man at the park and dog laying upon the ground.
0	Two people standing in front of a park bench in the sun.
1	two people standing in front of a park bench over the sun.
0	A man sitting on a bench holding a blue umbrella with black dots.
1	a man sitting beside a bench holding a blue umbrella with black dots.
0	A man in suspenders sitting on a bench with an umbrella.
1	a man upon suspenders sitting on a bench with an umbrella.
0	a man sitting on a wooden bench holding an umbrella
1	a man sitting upon a wooden bench holding an umbrella
0	A barren street corner with city lights at night.
1	a barren street corner on city lights at night.
0	a street some traffic lights and street lights at night
1	a street some traffic lights and street lights across night
0	A park like setting with fountain outside a high rise building
1	a park like setting with fountain towards a high rise building
0	Some people are sitting on benches by a fountain.
1	some people are sitting upon benches by a fountain.
0	A traffic light and traffic signs sitting in front of a building.
1	a traffic light and traffic signs sitting beside front of a building.
0	A bridge in a city spans across a waterway with benches and a boat underneath.
1	a bridge at a city spans across a waterway with benches and a boat underneath.
0	A boat sits on the water under the bridge.
1	a boat sits upon the water under the bridge.
0	A girl putting her hands in the water spraying from a fire hydrant
1	a girl putting her hands under the water spraying from a fire hydrant
0	A stone bench in front of a fallen tree.
1	a stone bench at front of a fallen tree.
0	A small stone bench near a tree in the grass.
1	a small stone bench upon a tree in the grass.
0	A cute stone bench sitting near a dead tree.
1	a cute stone bench sitting below a dead tree.
0	A stone bench sits near some fallen trees.
1	a stone bench sits in some fallen trees.
0	A fallen tree leaning on a standing tree near a bench.
1	a fallen tree leaning in a standing tree near a bench.
0	A white fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk next to chalk writing.
1	a white fire hydrant sitting in a sidewalk next to chalk writing.
0	Writings and sayings in sidewalk chalk surround a small fire hydrant.
1	writings and sayings under sidewalk chalk surround a small fire hydrant.
0	Chalk writing around a fire hydrant on a sidewalk
1	chalk writing around a fire hydrant upon a sidewalk
0	A fire hydrant's shadow is shown outlined on the sidewalk.
1	a fire hydrant's shadow is shown outlined beside the sidewalk.
0	An old woman sits on a bench and raises her hand
1	an old woman sits behind a bench and raises her hand
0	Woman in red jacket is sitting on a bench.
1	woman in red jacket is sitting beside a bench.
0	A woman wraped up with her hand in the air.
1	a woman wraped up on her hand in the air.
0	A person with a scarf on their head sitting on a bench next to flowers with their hand raised
1	a person with a scarf on their head sitting with a bench next to flowers with their hand raised
0	A humming bird mid flight preparing to land on a tree
1	a humming bird mid flight preparing to land with a tree
0	A blurry picture of a bird flapping its wings and a squirrel in the tree.
1	a blurry picture of a bird flapping its wings and a squirrel upon the tree.
0	A bird with wings outstretched is by a tree.
1	a bird with wings outstretched is on a tree.
0	A bird that is flying near a car window.
1	a bird that is flying below a car window.
0	Feathers are outside of a car window near the side mirror.
1	feathers are outside of a car window below the side mirror.
0	The street sign in posted near people walking across a road.
1	the street sign in posted below people walking across a road.
0	A street sign sitting on the corner of a sidewalk.
1	a street sign sitting over the corner of a sidewalk.
0	A "one-Way" street sign in front of a concrete wall at a street corner.
1	a "one-way" street sign in front of a concrete wall behind a street corner.
0	There are a few items of graffiti drawn on the concrete wall by the street signs.
1	there are a few items of graffiti drawn in the concrete wall by the street signs.
0	A street sign with direction lights covered in black
1	a street sign with direction lights covered beside black
0	a street post with lights and signs with trees in the background
1	a street post with lights and signs with trees at the background
0	A street sign on a post with the crosswalk signal covered up.
1	a street sign beside a post with the crosswalk signal covered up.
0	a street pole with a sign sits in front of some trees
1	a street pole with a sign sits at front of some trees
0	A street sign reading Cambridge st and Norfolk st's crossing lies broken on the ground.
1	a street sign reading cambridge st and norfolk st's crossing lies broken beside the ground.
0	A picture of a street sign that is on the ground.
1	a picture of a street sign that is beside the ground.
0	A street scene with the street sign knocked over
1	a street scene with the street sign knocked below
0	on the street showing a sign on the road
1	on the street showing a sign beside the road
0	three street signs on a metal  pole next to a bricked wall.
1	three street signs over a metal pole next to a bricked wall.
0	A number of traffic signs in a foreign language.
1	a number of traffic signs over a foreign language.
0	Commercial sign for a beauty store near the street.
1	commercial sign for a beauty store over the street.
0	A red train driving on a train train track next to an elevated stone sidewalk.
1	a red train driving behind a train train track next to an elevated stone sidewalk.
0	An old steam locomotive sits on the tracks while two people shovel coal.
1	an old steam locomotive sits with the tracks while two people shovel coal.
0	The train is coming down the track in front of an embankment.
1	the train is coming down the track beside front of an embankment.
0	A train engine getting loaded with coal by two men.
1	a train engine getting loaded with coal on two men.
0	A man standing in an airport with lots of luggage.
1	a man standing under an airport with lots of luggage.
0	Passengers sit and stand in front of a shop in the train terminal.
1	passengers sit and stand beside front of a shop in the train terminal.
0	A covered outdoor market in a train station.
1	a covered outdoor market at a train station.
0	A large building with many different people inside.
1	a large building with many different people around`.
1	a large building with many like people inside.
0	A train rides across a bridge over water.
1	a train rides in a bridge over water.
0	A train is parking on the bridge above the river.
1	a train is parking in the bridge above the river.
0	a train on a train track over a bridge
1	a train on a train track upon a bridge
0	A train traveling on top of a bridge spanning a river.
1	a train traveling upon top of a bridge spanning a river.
0	A one-way sign on Broadway street in an older part of the city.
1	a one-way sign on broadway street under an older part of the city.
0	There are some streets signs on a light post.
1	there are some streets signs over a light post.
0	A red and white tram traveling through the countryside.
1	a red and white tram traveling around` the countryside.
0	A yellow train engine pulling train cars over road.
1	a yellow train engine pulling train cars at road.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A sign with a duck on it hanging outside
1	a sign with a duck in it hanging outside
0	Close up of a duck sign, triangular white with red border and black duck, on a pole with sidewalk, grass and building behind.
1	close towards of a duck sign, triangular white with red border and black duck, on a pole with sidewalk, grass and building behind.
0	A street sign at an intersection of Library Way and Madison Avenue
1	a street sign upon an intersection of library way and madison avenue
0	A one-way sign at Library Way and Madison Ave.
1	a one-way sign across library way and madison ave.
0	The black street pole has three different signs on it.
1	the black street pole has three like signs on it.
0	A person holding up a paper with a red stop sign on it.
1	a person holding up a paper with a red stop sign with it.
0	A person holds up a sign against attacks on worker rights.
1	a person holds up a sign against attacks behind worker rights.
0	a train carrying some heavy equipment resting on the tracks
1	a train carrying some heavy equipment resting in the tracks
0	A large rocking shaped metallic object sitting on top of train tracks.
1	a large rocking shaped metallic object sitting beside top of train tracks.
0	A truck full of oranges riding on a street.
1	a truck full of oranges riding behind a street.
0	A white food truck driving down a street at night.
1	a white food truck driving down a street behind night.
0	A delivery truck parked on the side of the road.
1	a delivery truck parked with the side of the road.
0	Food truck on roadway near pedestrian in city.
1	food truck beside roadway near pedestrian in city.
0	White work truck with graffiti parked beside newspaper bins and fire hydrant.
1	white work truck with graffiti parked at newspaper bins and fire hydrant.
0	A truck that has some graffiti on it.
1	a truck that has some graffiti in it.
0	a truck with graffiti written on it on a city sreet
1	a truck with graffiti written on it with a city sreet
0	A truck that has spray paint on it.
1	a truck that has spray paint beside it.
0	A man on a horse behind two cows in a field.
1	a man in a horse behind two cows in a field.
0	an image of a woman riding a horse at a pasture
1	an image of a woman riding a horse behind a pasture
0	Two people with hats on riding horses in the grass near a hill.
1	two people with hats over riding horses in the grass near a hill.
0	Two people riding horses in an open pasture.
1	two people riding horses over an open pasture.
0	Two people on horses ride through a field.
1	two people on horses ride outside a field.
0	A cow that is standing in front of a house.
1	a cow that is standing over front of a house.
0	A farm animal on dirt outside of a home.
1	a farm animal on dirt inside of a home.
0	A cow stands on the ground in front of a pink building.
1	a cow stands on the ground at front of a pink building.
0	A brown cow standing in a forest next to tree branches.
1	a brown cow standing beside a forest next to tree branches.
0	A cow with horns and a rope halted and rope hanging in the brush.
1	a cow with horns and a rope halted and rope hanging under the brush.
0	A cow with a rope on its nose standing in a field
1	a cow on a rope on its nose standing in a field
0	a cow stands in a grassy area staring at the camera
1	a cow stands upon a grassy area staring at the camera
0	A brown cow standing in grassy area next to trees.
1	a brown cow standing at grassy area next to trees.
0	A brown cat sitting on a suitcase that is resting on the floor.
1	a brown cat sitting upon a suitcase that is resting on the floor.
0	A big cat with some yellow color sitting on a bag.
1	a big cat with some yellow color sitting over a bag.
0	A cat sitting on a suitcase that is lying on the floor.
1	a cat sitting with a suitcase that is lying on the floor.
0	A cat that is looking at a pastry.
1	a cat that is looking beside a pastry.
0	A grey cat is hovering over a lemon filled doughnut.
1	a grey cat is hovering at a lemon filled doughnut.
0	A grey cat smelling a cut filled donut on a plate.
1	a grey cat smelling a cut filled donut in a plate.
0	A truck with a cage in the back and an open hood transporting various objects.
1	a truck with a cage beside the back and an open hood transporting various objects.
0	There is a blue pick up truck broken down on the road
1	there is a blue pick up truck broken down beside the road
0	A blue truck with giant tires sitting on top of a hill.
1	a blue truck on giant tires sitting on top of a hill.
0	Even before daybreak, the cows are in the milking pen
1	even before daybreak, the cows are beside the milking pen
0	Several cows stand inside an enclosure at night.
1	several cows stand inside an enclosure across night.
0	Cows in a corral standing in the mud at night
1	cows beside a corral standing in the mud at night
0	a red truck parked on a dirt ground next to several trees and a blue barrel container.
1	a red truck parked beside a dirt ground next to several trees and a blue barrel container.
0	A large truck parked in front of a building.
1	a large truck parked at front of a building.
0	A firetruck with its lights on headed to a fire.
1	a firetruck with its lights behind headed to a fire.
0	A large red truck parks in front of a building.
1	a large red truck parks beside front of a building.
0	A cat sleeping on top of a laptop keyboard.
1	a cat sleeping over top of a laptop keyboard.
0	A cat is sleeping on top of a laptop computer.
1	a cat is sleeping over top of a laptop computer.
0	a cat laying on a desk in front of a computer
1	a cat laying over a desk in front of a computer
0	A large elephant standing in a forest with a red blanket on it's back.
1	a large elephant standing in a forest with a red blanket beside it's back.
0	An elephant in a settlement in the jungle, with a red cape.
1	an elephant in a settlement in the jungle, on a red cape.
0	An elephant transports something while a sitting man watches on.
1	an elephant transports something while a sitting man watches over.
0	An elephant with a red cape over its back.
1	an elephant with a red cape on its back.
0	An elephant with a red cloth over it.
1	an elephant with a red cloth near it.
0	A small wooden sailboat sits in an alpine field
1	a small wooden sailboat sits at an alpine field
0	There is a white boat set on top of some grass in the mountain.
1	there is a white boat set upon top of some grass in the mountain.
0	A man in a tie sitting at a table.
1	a man over a tie sitting at a table.
0	a man sitting at a restaurant table in front of plate of food
1	a man sitting over a restaurant table in front of plate of food
0	The people are on the beach enjoying the sun.
1	the people are behind the beach enjoying the sun.
0	Some people on a sandy beach with an umbrella.
1	some people behind a sandy beach with an umbrella.
0	an overhead view of people walking on a beach
1	an overhead view of people walking over a beach
0	Two people walking on beach next to white umbrella.
1	two people walking with beach next to white umbrella.
0	a male with a black tie and a boy in a red white and black shirt
1	a male with a black tie and a boy at a red white and black shirt
0	A man in a shirt and tie with his head next to a young boys head and both are smiling.
1	a man beside a shirt and tie with his head next to a young boys head and both are smiling.
0	Man and young boy posing for photo with brick wall in background.
1	man and young boy posing for photo with brick wall upon background.
0	A father and son pose together side by side in front of a brick wall.
1	a father and son pose together side on side in front of a brick wall.
1	a man in a shirt and tie with his head next to a happy boys head and both are smiling.
1	man and happy boy posing for photo with brick wall in background.
0	A baby and a young elephant walk in front of the herd.
1	a baby and a young elephant walk under front of the herd.
0	Adults and their young offspring standing together in the woods.
1	adults and their young offspring standing together beside the woods.
0	A group of adult and young elephants walking.
1	a group of adult and happy elephants walking.
1	a baby and a happy elephant walk in front of the herd.
1	adults and their happy offspring standing together in the woods.
0	The elephant is looking in the direction of the camera.
1	the elephant is looking beside the direction of the camera.
0	a picture of a close up elephant with others in the back.
1	a picture of a close up elephant with others over the back.
0	An elephant is standing with its trunk curled while sporting a short tusk.
1	an elephant is standing with its trunk curled while sporting a long tusk.
0	A mother elephant and her calf touching trunks in the tall grass
1	a mother elephant and her calf touching trunks upon the tall grass
0	An adult elephant and its child in the grasslands.
1	an adult elephant and its child upon the grasslands.
0	An adult and a child elephant face each other on a grassy plain.
1	an adult and a child elephant face each other in a grassy plain.
0	A herd of elephants grazing on tall grasses
1	a herd of elephants grazing behind tall grasses
0	A big elephant standing beside a small elephant in tall grass field with other animals obscured in back.
1	a big elephant standing beside a small elephant at tall grass field with other animals obscured in back.
0	Some animals are walking in the tall grasses on a sunny day.
1	some animals are walking in the tall grasses over a sunny day.
0	An elephant and a baby elephant are in a field with long grass.
1	an elephant and a baby elephant are upon a field with long grass.
1	an elephant and a baby elephant are in a field with short grass.
0	The person rides in a yellow motorboat with a dog.
1	the person rides at a yellow motorboat with a dog.
0	A woman  in a yellow power boat by a pier.
1	a woman beside a yellow power boat by a pier.
0	A yellow motorboat with a dog in the front moves past a building on shore.
1	a yellow motorboat with a dog in the front moves past a building beside shore.
0	A person riding on top of a yellow boat.
1	a person riding over top of a yellow boat.
0	A woman in high heels is by a blue suitcase.
1	a woman beside high heels is by a blue suitcase.
0	A woman in high heels carries a suitcase.
1	a woman over high heels carries a suitcase.
0	a brown bear is digging in the ground for something
1	a brown bear is digging under the ground for something
0	A large brown bear digging through the dirt.
1	a large brown bear digging up the dirt.
0	A brown bear digging a hole in the dirt.
1	a brown bear digging a hole at the dirt.
0	A skateboarder's airborne feet and skateboard near a curb
1	a skateboarder's airborne feet and skateboard over a curb
0	a person jumping a skate board in the air
1	a person jumping a skate board over the air
0	Skateboard in middle of maneuver in the air with rider
1	skateboard beside middle of maneuver in the air with rider
0	A person that is standing on a skateboard.
1	a person that is standing upon a skateboard.
0	A black bear walking through a path in the woods.
1	a black bear walking outside a path in the woods.
0	A black bear that is walking on a rock pathway.
1	a black bear that is walking in a rock pathway.
0	A bear walks alone on a dirt road in the bush.
1	a bear walks alone beside a dirt road in the bush.
0	A large black bear walking down a dirty road.
1	a large black bear walking down a cheap road.
0	Two zebra waling across a dry grass field.
1	two zebra waling below a dry grass field.
0	Two zebras are walking on a sparse field.
1	two zebras are walking upon a sparse field.
0	Two zebras walking across a dried brushy field
1	two zebras walking in a dried brushy field
0	A couple of zebras meander about through a dry field on top of a small hill.
1	a couple of zebras meander about up a dry field on top of a small hill.
0	Two adult zebras and a baby are in an enclosure.
1	two adult zebras and a baby are at an enclosure.
0	A baby zebra walks near the mother and father in a zoo.
1	a baby zebra walks across the mother and father in a zoo.
0	Some zebra in a small fenced in area.
1	some zebra in a small fenced beside area.
0	A very young zebra near some larger ones.
1	a very happy zebra near some larger ones.
0	A zebra is grazing on the grass in front of a fence
1	a zebra is grazing with the grass in front of a fence
0	Zebra eating grass in a field caged in silver fence.
1	zebra eating grass under a field caged in silver fence.
0	A very pretty zebra grazing in the grass.
1	a very pretty zebra grazing at the grass.
0	A group of zebras that are in the grass.
1	a group of zebras that are upon the grass.
0	Some very pretty zebras in a grassy field.
1	some very pretty zebras over a grassy field.
0	Baby zebra nursing from its mother as they stand in an area with tall dead grass.
1	baby zebra nursing from its mother as they stand upon an area with tall dead grass.
0	A young zebra nursing from an adult zebra in a grassy area.
0	A mother zebra stands and lets her young get some milk.
1	a happy zebra nursing from an adult zebra in a grassy area.
1	a mother zebra stands and lets her happy get some milk.
0	A little girl on a pair of skis in the snow
1	a little girl on a pair of skis beside the snow
0	Large group of yellow and green bananas on display in a market.
1	large group of yellow and green bananas behind display in a market.
0	An outdoor produce market with bananas for sale on tables, with a man looking at the bananas.
1	an outdoor produce market with bananas for sale on tables, on a man looking at the bananas.
0	some tables and some outdoor shops with lots of bananas
1	an indoor produce market with bananas for sale on tables, with a man looking at the bananas.
1	some tables and some indoor shops with lots of bananas
0	On the top plate there is donuts and on the bottom plate there is sliced up wraps.
1	on the top plate there is donuts and in the bottom plate there is sliced up wraps.
0	There are many types of food on the plates.
1	there are many types of food in the plates.
0	A cake setup with an assortment of cakes on it.
1	a cake setup with an assortment of cakes behind it.
0	a person with ski poles and skis in the snow
1	a person with ski poles and skis beside the snow
0	A person riding some skis through a snowy mountain trail.
1	a person riding some skis within a snowy mountain trail.
0	A man on skis is standing by some trees.
1	a man beside skis is standing by some trees.
0	A man in black jacket cross country skiing through trees.
1	a man beside black jacket cross country skiing through trees.
0	A pan on the stove with vegetables, tofu noodles and water in it
1	a pan on the stove on vegetables, tofu noodles and water in it
0	A mixture of vegetables cooking on a stove top.
1	a mixture of vegetables cooking beside a stove top.
0	A sauce plan holding a stew of vegetables on a stovetop.
1	a sauce plan holding a stew of vegetables in a stovetop.
0	People engaging in activities in an open area.
1	people engaging over activities in an open area.
0	Group of children playing on their skateboards in an open area,
1	group of children playing in their skateboards in an open area,
0	Kids riding skateboards and bikes in an industrial type area.
1	kids riding skateboards and bikes over an industrial type area.
0	A FOGGY MORNING WITH PEOPLE RIDING BICYCLES IN THE YARD.
1	a foggy morning with people riding bicycles under the yard.
0	people gathered around standing and sitting on a yellow and blue looking box
1	people gathered around standing and sitting in a yellow and blue looking box
0	Children playing on a asphalt parking lot on a foggy dreary day.
1	children playing on a asphalt parking lot beside a foggy dreary day.
0	A group of people on skateboards in a city.
1	a group of people in skateboards in a city.
0	A group of people on street next to buildings.
1	a group of people beside street next to buildings.
0	a man with a hat skiing on the snow towards a building
1	a man with a hat skiing beside the snow towards a building
0	A person wearing in snow gear using skis.
1	a person wearing beside snow gear using skis.
0	A skier leaning inside of a gate on a snowy slope.
1	a skier leaning inside of a gate over a snowy slope.
0	People look at fresh berries at a market.
1	people look across fresh berries at a market.
0	a group of people shopping for fresh fruit and vegetables at a market
1	a group of people shopping for fresh fruit and vegetables upon a market
0	THERE ARE PEOPLE SHOPPING AT THE STAND ON THE STREET
1	there are people shopping at the stand in the street
0	A beautiful woman and a man standing in front of a pile of berries.
1	a ugly woman and a man standing in front of a pile of berries.
0	A smart phone sitting on top sitting on top of a wooden table.
1	a smart phone sitting upon top sitting on top of a wooden table.
0	An apple, a phone, and a cup sitting on a table.
1	an apple, a phone, and a cup sitting behind a table.
0	A cellphone, piece of fruit and cup are on the table.
1	a cellphone, piece of fruit and cup are upon the table.
0	A pear, cup, cell phone and paper on a table.
1	a pear, cup, cell phone and paper behind a table.
1	a dumb phone sitting on top sitting on top of a wooden table.
0	A man riding skis across snow covered ground.
1	a man riding skis over snow covered ground.
0	A man on skis on a cross country course
1	a man beside skis on a cross country course
0	A man is riding on skiis up a snowy mountain.
1	a man is riding upon skiis up a snowy mountain.
0	A man on skis makes a screaming face.
1	a man with skis makes a screaming face.
0	A man with a backpack walking in skis.
1	a man with a backpack walking under skis.
0	A person on skis with a backpack on a mountain side.
1	a person on skis on a backpack on a mountain side.
0	A person on skis standing on a mountain
1	a person behind skis standing on a mountain
0	A man on skis stopped on the side of a snowy mountain
1	a man on skis stopped upon the side of a snowy mountain
0	A person stands on skis on a snowy mountain.
1	a person stands on skis behind a snowy mountain.
0	Several people on skis on a snowy slope.
1	several people beside skis on a snowy slope.
0	A group of skiers on skis on a mountain slope.
1	a group of skiers on skis in a mountain slope.
0	A group of young people riding on top of a snow covered slope.
1	a group of happy people riding on top of a snow covered slope.
0	A YOUNG BOY IN A WHITE SHIRT AND JEANS JUMPING WITH HIS SKATE BOARD.
1	a young boy under a white shirt and jeans jumping with his skate board.
0	A boy is standing with his arms spread on his skateboard as he goes up a ramp.
1	a boy is standing with his arms spread beside his skateboard as he goes up a ramp.
0	A person on a skateboard up on a ledge.
1	a person on a skateboard up behind a ledge.
0	A man in white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
1	a man at white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
1	a happy boy in a white shirt and jeans jumping with his skate board.
0	A shirtless man doing a trick on a skateboard.
1	a shirtless man doing a trick beside a skateboard.
0	A man on a skateboard in the air doing a trick.
1	a man on a skateboard over the air doing a trick.
0	A man doing tricks on his skate board in a skate park.
1	a man doing tricks over his skate board in a skate park.
0	A man does a skateboard trick in the air.
1	a man does a skateboard trick under the air.
0	A girl galling off a skateboard on the cement.
1	a girl galling off a skateboard with the cement.
0	A bunch of hot dogs sitting next to each other on a table.
1	a bunch of hot dogs sitting next to each other with a table.
0	A row of hot dog sandwiches on top of a checkered table.
1	a row of hot dog sandwiches upon top of a checkered table.
0	a table with a line of different kind of dressed hot dogs.
0	A display of different types of sandwiches at a restaurant.
1	a table with a line of like kind of dressed hot dogs.
1	a display of like types of sandwiches at a restaurant.
0	A snowboard is left vacant in view of large snow capped mountains.
1	a snowboard is left vacant beside view of large snow capped mountains.
0	A yellow and white snowboard is stuck into the snow on a ledge and a mountain range lays in the background.
1	a yellow and white snowboard is stuck into the snow over a ledge and a mountain range lays in the background.
0	A snow board stuck in the snow in front of a large mountain.
1	a snow board stuck under the snow in front of a large mountain.
0	A young boy standing on a street holding a skateboard.
1	a young boy standing over a street holding a skateboard.
0	Hey, there's a blonde kid standing on the street holding a skateboard!
1	hey, there's a blonde kid standing behind the street holding a skateboard!
0	A young boy with shaggy blonde hair standing with his skateboard.
0	A young boy is holding a skateboard in the street.
1	a happy boy with shaggy blonde hair standing with his skateboard.
1	a happy boy standing on a street holding a skateboard.
1	a happy boy is holding a skateboard in the street.
0	People in maroon shirts tend to food being grilled outside a building.
1	people upon maroon shirts tend to food being grilled outside a building.
0	This is a man grilling several hot dogs on a small grill.
1	this is a man grilling several hot dogs over a small grill.
0	A group having an outdoor event while the crowd looks on.
1	a group having an outdoor event while the crowd looks in.
0	an image of a band that is doing tricks in the snow
1	an image of a band that is doing tricks at the snow
1	a group having an indoor event while the crowd looks on.
0	A young boy holds food in front of his mouth.
1	a young boy holds food upon front of his mouth.
0	A young boy eating a custard covered donut.
0	A young boy holds a doughnut to his face.
1	a happy boy eating a custard covered donut.
1	a happy boy holds a doughnut to his face.
1	a happy boy holds food in front of his mouth.
0	A box of different doughnuts with icing on each.
1	a box of different doughnuts with icing behind each.
0	A box filled with six donuts covered in icing and frosting.
1	a box filled with six donuts covered at icing and frosting.
1	a box of like doughnuts with icing on each.
0	A person laying on a beach next to a  white surfboard.
1	a person laying beside a beach next to a white surfboard.
0	A man sitting next to a surfboard on a beach.
1	a man sitting next to a surfboard behind a beach.
0	A young man sitting on the beach with a surf board.
1	a young man sitting in the beach with a surf board.
0	A guy is sitting on the beach with a surfboard.
1	a guy is sitting beside the beach with a surfboard.
1	a happy man sitting on the beach with a surf board.
0	A windsurfer riding on top of a wave.
1	a windsurfer riding beside top of a wave.
0	Person surfing or sailing in rough, choppy water.
1	person surfing or sailing at rough, choppy water.
0	a man riding on top of a wave on a wind sail.
1	a man riding on top of a wave in a wind sail.
0	A young person sitting at a table covered with plates of pizza.
1	a young person sitting beside a table covered with plates of pizza.
0	A person holding a glass of something sitting at a table
1	a person holding a glass of something sitting beside a table
0	A man sitting holding a drink with pizzas on the table.
1	a man sitting holding a drink with pizzas upon the table.
0	A man holds a glass up as he celebrates with a slice of pizza on a plate in front of him.
1	a man holds a glass up as he celebrates with a slice of pizza on a plate beside front of him.
0	The man is drinking at the table outside.
1	the man is drinking at the table underneath.
1	a happy person sitting at a table covered with plates of pizza.
0	A delicious pizza sits on top of a white plate.
1	a delicious pizza sits upon top of a white plate.
0	Someone is working on grilling some food on a grill.
1	someone is working behind grilling some food on a grill.
0	A person cooking some food on a grill.
1	a person cooking some food beside a grill.
0	Pitas on a grill get topped with vegetables.
1	pitas in a grill get topped with vegetables.
0	Pizzas are cooking on the small grill outside.
1	pizzas are cooking in the small grill outside.
0	Several pieces of bread sitting on a grill with a person putting vegetables on top of them.
1	several pieces of bread sitting on a grill with a person putting vegetables in top of them.
0	a toothbrush holder with four toothbrushes in it
1	a toothbrush holder with four toothbrushes beside it
0	Several toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste sits in a bathroom toothbrush holder.
1	several toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste sits under a bathroom toothbrush holder.
0	A group of kids sitting at a wooden table around tree.
1	a group of kids sitting upon a wooden table around tree.
0	Three boys sitting on a bench a table built round a tree.
1	three boys sitting in a bench a table built round a tree.
0	kids rest on a park bench and table next to a tree.
1	kids rest behind a park bench and table next to a tree.
0	A close up of three children on a bench surrounding a tree.
1	a close underneath of three children on a bench surrounding a tree.
0	Three little boys sitting at a picnic table.
1	three little boys sitting upon a picnic table.
0	A group of young men hanging on a table next to a tree.
1	a group of happy men hanging on a table next to a tree.
0	a close up of a white wii mote on a table
1	a close towards of a white wii mote on a table
0	Single video game controller laying on a table.
1	single video game controller laying with a table.
0	A white video game controller that is set on a table.
1	a white video game controller that is set over a table.
0	there is a close up picture of a video game remote
1	there is a close atop picture of a video game remote
0	close up of the bottom of a wii remote
1	close towards of the bottom of a wii remote
0	A black wiimote laying on a white table
1	a black wiimote laying with a white table
0	A man sitting on a red couch holding a Wii game controller.
1	a man sitting beside a red couch holding a wii game controller.
0	a man sitting on a red couch using the wii driving remote
1	a man sitting in a red couch using the wii driving remote
0	A man sitting on a couch holding a small white object.
1	a man sitting upon a couch holding a small white object.
0	Guy sitting on the couch with steering wheel remote in hand playing the Wii
1	guy sitting behind the couch with steering wheel remote in hand playing the wii
0	Friends playing video games together in the same room.
1	friends playing video games together upon the same room.
0	A group of young people playing video games.
0	A bunch of young people are playing with the Wii.
1	a group of happy people playing video games.
1	a bunch of happy people are playing with the wii.
0	Two college age boys playing Wii while others look on
1	two college age boys playing wii while others look behind
0	A couple of people standing in a room with some remotes.
1	a couple of people standing beside a room with some remotes.
0	there is a woman sitting on a couch playing a video game
1	there is a woman sitting in a couch playing a video game
0	A young woman is playing a video game on a couch.
1	a young woman is playing a video game over a couch.
0	A woman playing a video game while sitting on a couch.
1	a woman playing a video game while sitting upon a couch.
0	A women sitting down on a couch playing the wii .
1	a women sitting down with a couch playing the wii.
1	a happy woman is playing a video game on a couch.
0	A picture of a living room with a TV over a fireplace.
1	a picture of a living room with a tv upon a fireplace.
0	this living room has a fire place and a tv on the wall
1	this living room has a fire place and a tv behind the wall
0	A couple of computer monitors sitting on top of a wooden desk.
1	a couple of computer monitors sitting upon top of a wooden desk.
0	Two monitors sit on an organized desk area
1	two monitors sit in an organized desk area
0	two monitor standing on the table with one keyboard
1	two monitor standing beside the table with one keyboard
0	On a natural wood table, with a red curtain as backdrop, sit two computer monitors and keyboard.
1	behind a natural wood table, with a red curtain as backdrop, sit two computer monitors and keyboard.
0	An old keyboard with a mouse and a pair of headphones sitting on a desk.
1	an old keyboard with a mouse and a pair of headphones sitting beside a desk.
0	An old stained computer keyboard and mouse on a table.
1	an old stained computer keyboard and mouse with a table.
0	A very old and dirty keyboard and attached mouse.
1	a very old and cheap keyboard and attached mouse.
0	A blue and white vase sitting in front of pictures on the wall of the same design.
1	a blue and white vase sitting in front of pictures beside the wall of the same design.
0	A trophy on top of a pedestal on top of a glass case.
1	a trophy over top of a pedestal on top of a glass case.
0	A vase is sitting on a pedestal in a room
1	a vase is sitting upon a pedestal in a room
0	Men on a baseball field with the batter holding the bat sideways.
1	men with a baseball field with the batter holding the bat sideways.
0	a baseball player holding a bat on a field
1	a baseball player holding a bat with a field
0	Three members of the Rays baseball team on the baseballs field.
1	three members of the rays baseball team over the baseballs field.
0	Baseball players are on the field in front of the scoreboard.
1	baseball players are in the field in front of the scoreboard.
0	A beautiful woman holding a tennis racquet on a court.
1	a beautiful woman holding a tennis racquet with a court.
0	A couple are on a tennis court preparing for a game
1	a couple are beside a tennis court preparing for a game
0	A man and a woman with rackets on a tennis court.
1	a man and a woman with rackets over a tennis court.
0	A man and woman holding tennis rackets standing on the tennis court.
1	a man and woman holding tennis rackets standing behind the tennis court.
0	there is a man and a woman playing on the same team in tennis
1	there is a man and a woman playing upon the same team in tennis
1	a ugly woman holding a tennis racquet on a court.
0	A plate topped with pizza in two different pictures.
1	a plate topped on pizza in two different pictures.
0	Two plates filled with pizza are sitting on the table.
1	two plates filled with pizza are sitting behind the table.
0	a buffalo chicken pizza is sitting on a paper plate and then it appears that someone ate it.
1	a buffalo chicken pizza is sitting in a paper plate and then it appears that someone ate it.
0	Two different shots show piece of pizza at different stage of consumption.
1	two different shots show piece of pizza upon different stage of consumption.
1	a plate topped with pizza in two like pictures.
1	two like shots show piece of pizza at different stage of consumption.
0	a man talking on a cellphone sitting at a table.
1	a man talking with a cellphone sitting at a table.
0	A black and white photo of a man on a cell phone.
1	a black and white photo of a man beside a cell phone.
0	Dark haired man with a mustache talking on the phone and eating.
1	dark haired man with a mustache talking beside the phone and eating.
0	A MAN IS EATING A TALKING ON THE PHONE
1	a man is eating a talking over the phone
0	Bright yellow walls complement cream cabinets in a kitchen.
1	bright yellow walls complement cream cabinets upon a kitchen.
0	this modern urban kitchen has white painted accessories
1	this ancient urban kitchen has white painted accessories
0	Old refrigerator in dark, messy store room with tiled floor.
1	old refrigerator over dark, messy store room with tiled floor.
0	An old refrigerator sitting in a room
1	an old refrigerator sitting upon a room
0	The Big Ben clock tower towering over a city at night.
1	the big ben clock tower towering on a city at night.
0	A very tall tower with a big pretty clock on it.
1	a very tall tower with a big pretty clock beside it.
0	A tall building with a clock in the center of it's windows.
1	a tall building with a clock over the center of it's windows.
0	A building with five windows on this side and a small clock.
1	a building with five windows with this side and a small clock.
0	A tall church building with two massive clocks sitting on it's face.
1	a tall church building with two massive clocks sitting over it's face.
0	A large antique building with two towers and a clock near the top
1	a large antique building on two towers and a clock near the top
0	A woman sitting on a couch with two laptops open
1	a woman sitting on a couch on two laptops open
0	A woman that is sitting on a couch next to two laptops.
1	a woman that is sitting in a couch next to two laptops.
0	A young lady is on the couch with two laptops.
1	a happy lady is on the couch with two laptops.
0	A little girl on a swing with her teddy bear.
1	a little girl beside a swing with her teddy bear.
0	A little girl in a pink shirt, white pants and white shoes sitting in a swing with her teddy bear.
1	a little girl in a pink shirt, white pants and white shoes sitting under a swing with her teddy bear.
0	a young girl swinging with her teddy bear
1	a happy girl swinging with her teddy bear
0	A man riding on the back of a motorcycle.
1	a man riding behind the back of a motorcycle.
0	a man on a motorcycle indoors attempts to lick the windshield
1	a man beside a motorcycle indoors attempts to lick the windshield
0	A man sticks out his tongue while sitting on a motorcycle.
1	a man sticks out his tongue while sitting behind a motorcycle.
0	Man making funny gesture with tongue while sitting on motorcycle.
1	man making dull gesture with tongue while sitting on motorcycle.
0	some black cabinets in a large home kitchen
1	some black cabinets at a large home kitchen
0	The organized kitchen of a busy family in a suburban home
1	the organized kitchen of a busy family over a suburban home
0	A messy kitchen with a refrigerator with lots of magnets on the door and a center island.
1	a messy kitchen on a refrigerator with lots of magnets on the door and a center island.
0	A cook sanding between two women inside of a kitchen.
1	a cook sanding between two women up of a kitchen.
0	A man in camo pointing at the ceiling
1	a man at camo pointing at the ceiling
0	a guy in blue camo in a kitchen teaching girls how to cook
1	a guy in blue camo over a kitchen teaching girls how to cook
0	three people in a kitchen area with a table with bowls
1	three people at a kitchen area with a table with bowls
0	a man in red and plack sleeping on a park bench
1	a man in red and plack sleeping behind a park bench
0	A man in a red shirt and black pants resting on a bench.
1	a man upon a red shirt and black pants resting on a bench.
0	a person laying on a bench in front of a fence
1	a person laying on a bench beside front of a fence
0	Person dressed in black with red shirt laying on a bench.
1	person dressed in black with red shirt laying upon a bench.
0	A MAN LAYING DOWN ON A PARK BENCH WITH A FENCE AND STATUE IN THE BACKGROUND
1	a man laying down on a park bench with a fence and statue at the background
0	Most of the walls in the bathroom are painted red.
1	most of the walls at the bathroom are painted red.
0	A motorcycle parked outside of a building with bird cages.
1	a motorcycle parked towards of a building with bird cages.
0	A motorbike parked, with several bicycles stacked on on the back of it.
1	a motorbike parked, with several bicycles stacked in on the back of it.
0	A motorcycle is sitting outside near some plants.
1	a motorcycle is sitting within near some plants.
0	The container on the sink is holding flowers and a toothbrush.
1	the container over the sink is holding flowers and a toothbrush.
0	A bathroom counter with a toothbrush holder with flowers.
1	a bathroom counter on a toothbrush holder with flowers.
0	a toothbrush holder is sitting on top of a bathroom sink
1	a toothbrush holder is sitting with top of a bathroom sink
0	A man and child near a short stop sign.
1	a man and child over a short stop sign.
0	A man and a small child in front of a stop sign.
1	a man and a small child under front of a stop sign.
0	a person holding a stop sign with a young child near by
1	a person holding a stop sign on a young child near by
0	A man and young child walk on the street next to a stop sign.
1	a man and young child walk behind the street next to a stop sign.
1	a man and child near a long stop sign.
1	a person holding a stop sign with a happy child near by
1	a man and happy child walk on the street next to a stop sign.
0	A park bench in front of a porch in a green grass filled park.
1	a park bench over front of a porch in a green grass filled park.
0	A bench sits on grass overlooking the street.
1	a bench sits over grass overlooking the street.
0	A bench in the shade on a grassy area.
1	a bench in the shade in a grassy area.
0	Wood and metal bench in grassy area beside busy street.
1	wood and metal bench at grassy area beside busy street.
0	A pigeon with it's head inside of a donut.
1	a pigeon with it's head up of a donut.
0	A pigeon outside with his head in a piece of bread.
1	a pigeon outside with his head beside a piece of bread.
0	A bird is eating bread on the pavement.
1	a bird is eating bread beside the pavement.
0	A pile of different types of vegetables on top of each other.
1	a pile of different types of vegetables over top of each other.
0	Salad of broccoli, red peppers, green onions and cheese on a green plate.
1	salad of broccoli, red peppers, green onions and cheese behind a green plate.
1	a pile of like types of vegetables on top of each other.
0	A photograph of a television screen on a mirror.
1	a photograph of a television screen beside a mirror.
0	A mirror in a hotel bathroom that has a TV embedded in the glass.
1	a mirror at a hotel bathroom that has a tv embedded in the glass.
0	A person taking a picture in a bathroom.
1	a person taking a picture over a bathroom.
0	Traffic signals and sign on pole at roadway intersection.
1	traffic signals and sign behind pole at roadway intersection.
0	A picture of a sign on a traffic light in front of trees.
1	a picture of a sign on a traffic light under front of trees.
0	A traffic light with a no turn sign on it.
1	a traffic light with a no turn sign in it.
0	A traffic light with a "No Turn On Red" sign under.
1	a traffic light with a "no turn behind red" sign under.
0	A set of two street lights with a no turn on red sign
1	a set of two street lights with a no turn over red sign
0	A stop light hanging over an intersection in a residential area.
1	a stop light hanging at an intersection in a residential area.
0	A traffic signal at an intersection is suspended on wire.
1	a traffic signal upon an intersection is suspended on wire.
0	A street intersection with a traffic light over it.
1	a street intersection with a traffic light upon it.
0	Three giraffe in an enclosure; one of them is a very small animal.
1	three giraffe under an enclosure; one of them is a very small animal.
0	A couple of giraffes are standing in a corner
1	a couple of giraffes are standing at a corner
0	A man is riding on bicycle alongside a new construction building.
1	a man is riding over bicycle alongside a new construction building.
0	Two old medal benches are put together on a side walk
1	two old medal benches are put together with a side walk
0	A train platform with a  red bench on it
1	a train platform on a red bench on it
0	a train on a train track  at a train station
1	a train on a train track behind a train station
0	a little cat house in the yard with a kitty sitting in it.
1	a little cat house at the yard with a kitty sitting in it.
0	A cat sitting in a bird house out in the snow.
1	a cat sitting beside a bird house out in the snow.
0	A raised dog house with a  dog inside in a yard covered in snow.
1	a raised dog house with a dog inside under a yard covered in snow.
0	From inside a cat house, a cat watches a bird.
1	from through a cat house, a cat watches a bird.
0	A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
1	a red fire hydrant sitting with the side of a road.
0	there are two very tall giraffes in this zoo by the water
1	there are two very tall giraffes beside this zoo by the water
0	a couple of giraffe standing in front of a large city.
1	a couple of giraffe standing at front of a large city.
0	Two giraffes that are standing in the dirt.
1	two giraffes that are standing under the dirt.
0	A view of  city street at dusk though a window.
1	a view of city street across dusk though a window.
0	A street scene taken through a window with people on the street.
1	a street scene taken through a window with people beside the street.
0	Two birds standing on the armrests of two chairs.
1	two birds standing in the armrests of two chairs.
0	Two peacocks standing on the arms of two wooden chairs.
1	two peacocks standing beside the arms of two wooden chairs.
0	A couple of birds sitting on top of white chairs.
1	a couple of birds sitting beside top of white chairs.
0	A regular patterned and an albino peacock sitting on chairs across from each other.
1	a regular patterned and an albino peacock sitting in chairs across from each other.
0	Sheep that have been painting bright pink in dirt.
1	sheep that have been painting bright pink over dirt.
0	A couple of large giraffe in the tall grass.
1	a couple of large giraffe at the tall grass.
0	Two giraffe standing on top of a tall grass field.
1	two giraffe standing in top of a tall grass field.
0	Two giraffes standing near each other in the grass.
1	two giraffes standing near each other upon the grass.
0	two giraffe standing in a grassy area side by side
1	two giraffe standing in a grassy area side on side
0	TWO GIRAFFES EMBRACING ONE ANOTHER IN THE GRASS
1	two giraffes embracing one another under the grass
0	A street sign surrounded by beautiful potted flowers in bloom.
1	a street sign surrounded on beautiful potted flowers in bloom.
0	A cat wearing a hat while resting it's paws on top of a chair.
1	a cat wearing a hat while resting it's paws behind top of a chair.
0	Bright blue cake with stars at the top of it sitting on a table.
1	bright blue cake with stars at the top of it sitting in a table.
0	A birthday cake with a Thomas the Train on it.
1	a birthday cake with a thomas the train over it.
0	Happy 1st Birthday cake for Lucas with blue and white frosting.
1	angry 1st birthday cake for lucas with blue and white frosting.
0	Three sheep in a pasture with people standing by the fence.
1	three sheep at a pasture with people standing by the fence.
0	Goats play in the grass while spectators watch.
1	goats play under the grass while spectators watch.
0	Three sheared sheep on grass facing different directions.
1	three sheared sheep upon grass facing different directions.
0	Three little goats attract the attention of a group of people at an outdoor display.
1	three little goats attract the attention of a group of people across an outdoor display.
0	A herd of sheep walking across a field of grass.
1	a herd of sheep walking in a field of grass.
1	three sheared sheep on grass facing like directions.
1	three little goats attract the attention of a group of people at an indoor display.
0	A red and black train sitting on train tracks near gravel.
1	a red and black train sitting on train tracks across gravel.
0	A photo of a train traveling over a body of water.
1	a photo of a train traveling at a body of water.
0	a train on a train track on a pier
1	a train with a train track on a pier
0	A blue train traveling along a very long bridge.
0	A travel train that is coming across a long bridge.
1	a blue train traveling along a very short bridge.
1	a travel train that is coming across a short bridge.
0	A train is on the track waiting in the middle of the afternoon.
1	a train is on the track waiting over the middle of the afternoon.
0	A blue train arriving at a station nearby
1	a blue train arriving over a station nearby
0	A blue and white train stopped on the tracks at a station.
1	a blue and white train stopped with the tracks at a station.
0	a train on a train track at a station
1	a train on a train track beside a station
0	A passenger train pulled up to a covered platform with people standing on the platform.
1	a passenger train pulled up to a covered platform with people standing beside the platform.
0	A cat resting on the hood of a blue car.
1	a cat resting upon the hood of a blue car.
0	A cat laying on the front of a car.
1	a cat laying with the front of a car.
0	A cat lays on top of a small truck.
1	a cat lays behind top of a small truck.
0	A cat is laying on the hood of a blue car.
1	a cat is laying with the hood of a blue car.
0	A cat looking down at a book. It appears to be reading it.
1	a cat looking down beside a book. it appears to be reading it.
0	A cat sits on a bed and reads a book.
1	a cat sits upon a bed and reads a book.
0	A cat reading a book in a multicolored bed.
1	a cat reading a book upon a multicolored bed.
0	A cat sitting on a bed behind a book.
1	a cat sitting on a bed below a book.
0	Cows grazing in a green field in front of a building.
1	cows grazing in a green field at front of a building.
0	five cows grazing in front of a hotel.
1	five cows grazing at front of a hotel.
0	The cows are eating grass in front of the building.
1	the cows are eating grass upon front of the building.
0	a person in a pink skirt and blue shoes standing in front of a cat sitting on a rug.
1	a person at a pink skirt and blue shoes standing in front of a cat sitting on a rug.
0	A cat is next to a person in blue tights.
1	a cat is next to a person over blue tights.
0	A close up of a cat laying on the rug.
1	a close within of a cat laying on the rug.
0	a cat is standing on a metal shelf
1	a cat is standing with a metal shelf
0	A cat sleeping on a shelf in a market.
1	a cat sleeping beside a shelf in a market.
0	A sleepy cat stretched out on a fluffy pillow.
1	a sleepy cat stretched out behind a fluffy pillow.
0	A large gray tiger cat laying on top of a pillow.
1	a large gray tiger cat laying over top of a pillow.
0	A cat lays out on a blanket on a couch.
1	a cat lays out on a blanket over a couch.
0	A fuzzy cat rests on a patterned blanket on the couch.
1	a fuzzy cat rests upon a patterned blanket on the couch.
0	A cat is sitting on the arm of the couch, looking at the camera.
1	a cat is sitting behind the arm of the couch, looking at the camera.
0	A cat sits on the armrest of a couch beside the remote control.
1	a cat sits on the armrest of a couch on the remote control.
0	There is a cat sitting on a couch next to a remote control.
1	there is a cat sitting behind a couch next to a remote control.
0	a cat sitting on a yellow couch near a remote
1	a cat sitting on a yellow couch in a remote
0	An orange truck with some people in back
1	an orange truck with some people at back
0	People in an orange truck parked near rocks.
1	people in an orange truck parked over rocks.
0	An orange truck with a back filled with supplies.
1	an orange truck with a back filled on supplies.
0	A large orange truck with people in the cab and the bed of the truck.
1	a large orange truck on people in the cab and the bed of the truck.
0	A group of people sit on the back of a vehicle.
1	a group of people sit over the back of a vehicle.
0	Many cows are seen roaming all over this field.
1	many cows are seen roaming all upon this field.
0	THERE ARE COWS THAT ARE WALKING ON THE GRASS
1	there are cows that are walking over the grass
0	A fire fire truck parked in a parking lot.
1	a fire fire truck parked upon a parking lot.
0	a pair of fire trucks performing work in a residential area.
1	a pair of fire trucks performing work beside a residential area.
0	three fire trucks parked outside a residential area
1	three fire trucks parked towards a residential area
0	Firefighters and three firetrucks are parked on a street.
1	firefighters and three firetrucks are parked in a street.
0	Neck ties hung from wooden framing in outdoor setting.
1	neck ties hung from wooden framing upon outdoor setting.
0	Picture of multiple ties of different colors hanging on a rack.
1	neck ties hung from wooden framing in indoor setting.
1	picture of multiple ties of like colors hanging on a rack.
0	a group of men singing at a concert
1	a group of men singing across a concert
0	A group of young men singing at a concert.
1	a group of young men singing behind a concert.
0	A group of men standing on a stage in front of a screen.
1	a group of men standing upon a stage in front of a screen.
0	Many me stand on top of a stage with microphones.
1	many me stand with top of a stage with microphones.
1	a group of happy men singing at a concert.
0	A person holding a microphone near a sailor who is talking to a woman.
1	a person holding a microphone below a sailor who is talking to a woman.
0	Sailor being interviewed by a woman in a jean jacket.
1	sailor being interviewed by a woman beside a jean jacket.
0	A man in a naval uniform is being interviewed.
1	a man over a naval uniform is being interviewed.
0	A navy man wearing a uniform next to a young beautiful woman.
1	a navy man wearing a uniform next to a happy beautiful woman.
0	People sitting on a patch of grass in sand with an umbrella
1	people sitting beside a patch of grass in sand with an umbrella
0	A small tropical umbrella sits on a patch of grass at the beach.
1	a small tropical umbrella sits behind a patch of grass at the beach.
0	A man kneeling in the grass next to an animal.
1	a man kneeling over the grass next to an animal.
0	a horse that has a guy near by it
1	a horse that has a guy near on it
0	A white horse standing beside a kneeling man.
1	a white horse standing at a kneeling man.
0	A man that is kneeling in the grass near a horse.
1	a man that is kneeling over the grass near a horse.
0	A woman is outside on the sidewalk with decorated umbrellas.
1	a woman is outside behind the sidewalk with decorated umbrellas.
0	A woman surrounded by several umbrellas decorate with paint resting on a sidewalk.
1	a woman surrounded by several umbrellas decorate with paint resting upon a sidewalk.
0	A group of people gathered in a town square with an individual doing a stunt on the pavement and umbrellas strewn around.
1	a group of people gathered in a town square with an individual doing a stunt over the pavement and umbrellas strewn around.
0	a woman on the ground with her feet on a umbrella.
1	a woman behind the ground with her feet on a umbrella.
0	a man holding a red umbrella next to a woman on the ground.
1	a man holding a red umbrella next to a woman upon the ground.
0	A women who is kicking at an umbrella from the ground.
1	a women who is kicking over an umbrella from the ground.
0	This is an image of a woman with an umbrella with a sign on it.
1	this is an image of a woman on an umbrella with a sign on it.
0	A woman holding a colorful umbrella with writing on top of it.
1	a woman holding a colorful umbrella with writing behind top of it.
0	A woman holding an umbrella with writing on it
1	a woman holding an umbrella with writing with it
0	A person holding a rainbow colored umbrella with words written on it.
1	a person holding a rainbow colored umbrella with words written beside it.
0	Lady standing in airport with luggage in front of her
1	lady standing beside airport with luggage in front of her
0	A women is waiting at the airport with her suitcase.
1	a women is waiting over the airport with her suitcase.
0	A woman past two men in front of the MGM Grand.
1	a woman past two men over front of the mgm grand.
0	some people are walking in front of a tall building
1	some people are walking over front of a tall building
0	Outside view of the MGM Grand in Las Vegas with people sitting and walking.
1	outside view of the mgm grand at las vegas with people sitting and walking.
0	A couple of guys are sitting with their luggage bag as a lady walks on.
1	a couple of guys are sitting with their luggage bag as a lady walks in.
0	A teddy bear sitting at a computer desk with headphones on.
1	a teddy bear sitting across a computer desk with headphones on.
0	Big teddy bear with headphones on laid in chair in front of computer.
1	big teddy bear with headphones behind laid in chair in front of computer.
0	a teddy bear in a chair in front of a desk
1	a teddy bear beside a chair in front of a desk
0	A stuffed bear wearing headphones and sitting in front of a computer keyboard.
1	a stuffed bear wearing headphones and sitting at front of a computer keyboard.
0	Stuffed toy bears on display through window setting.
1	stuffed toy bears on display around` window setting.
0	a store with a lot of bears in the windows called "Bear it in Mind"
1	a store with a lot of bears beside the windows called "bear it in mind"
0	The front wind of a shop, Bear it in Mind, with a bear display.
1	the front wind of a shop, bear it upon mind, with a bear display.
0	The front of a store that has a large teddy bear in the window.
1	the front of a store that has a large teddy bear under the window.
0	Three young adults are playing frisbee on a court.
1	three young adults are playing frisbee with a court.
0	a group of young people playing frisbee in a gym
1	a group of young people playing frisbee beside a gym
1	three happy adults are playing frisbee on a court.
1	a group of happy people playing frisbee in a gym
0	a lot of dogs playing together in a room
1	a lot of dogs playing together upon a room
0	A group of children sitting on the grass with frisbees in their hands.
1	a group of children sitting on the grass with frisbees at their hands.
0	A group of children sitting in the grass with two of them holding a Frisbee .
1	a group of children sitting upon the grass with two of them holding a frisbee.
0	Five small boys sitting on the grass holding two frisbees
1	five small boys sitting upon the grass holding two frisbees
0	a bunch of kids sitting on grass holding a frisbe
1	a bunch of kids sitting in grass holding a frisbe
0	A group of young children sitting in the grass.
1	a group of happy children sitting in the grass.
0	The group of three friends are sitting on a fallen tree in the woods.
1	the group of three friends are sitting over a fallen tree in the woods.
0	Three people sitting on a bench in the woods.
1	three people sitting beside a bench in the woods.
0	Three friends sitting on a log making signing hand gestures.
1	three friends sitting in a log making signing hand gestures.
0	The young adults rest while playing Frisbee golf.
1	the happy adults rest while playing frisbee golf.
0	A woman rides on a horse drawn carriage.
1	a woman rides behind a horse drawn carriage.
0	A man and woman ride a horse carriage on top of cobble stones.
1	a man and woman ride a horse carriage in top of cobble stones.
0	Pair of people riding on a horse and cart down town.
1	pair of people riding over a horse and cart down town.
0	Mn swinging a baseball bat on a field.
1	mn swinging a baseball bat in a field.
0	Baseball game taking place with a huge crowd in the stands watching.
1	baseball game taking place on a huge crowd in the stands watching.
1	baseball game taking place with a tiny crowd in the stands watching.
0	A woman in an apron is under an umbrella with a table of melons and bananas.
1	a woman at an apron is under an umbrella with a table of melons and bananas.
0	The woman is selling lots of fruit at the stand today.
1	the woman is selling lots of fruit over the stand today.
0	Orange sitting on a plate next to bananas on top of a table.
1	orange sitting beside a plate next to bananas on top of a table.
0	this is fresh fruit stacked in a bowl
1	this is fresh fruit stacked under a bowl
0	A bowl that has different fruits and vegetables in it.
1	a bowl that has different fruits and vegetables under it.
0	A bunch of vegetabes in a woven little basket
1	a bunch of vegetabes upon a woven little basket
1	a bowl that has like fruits and vegetables in it.
0	The baseball players are on the field in front of the crowd.
1	the baseball players are on the field upon front of the crowd.
0	Several varieties and colors of crystals for sale in a stall.
1	several varieties and colors of crystals for sale upon a stall.
0	Retail stands with something labeled as Miel inside
1	retail stands with something labeled as miel up
0	Variety of colored chunks displayed in bins with scoop.
1	variety of colored chunks displayed under bins with scoop.
0	Several boxes of different colored candies with scoops.
1	several boxes of like colored candies with scoops.
0	Two yellow fruits hanging on branches full of leaves.
1	two yellow fruits hanging behind branches full of leaves.
0	Two unripe oranges growing on a tree.
1	two unripe oranges growing over a tree.
0	A tree with lots of leaves and two lemons in it.
1	a tree with lots of leaves and two lemons at it.
0	There is an orange growing in the tree.
1	there is an orange growing upon the tree.
0	Fruit growing on trees on sunny day outdoors.
1	fruit growing on trees beside sunny day outdoors.
0	A pitcher about to pitch in a baseball game.
1	a pitcher about to pitch at a baseball game.
0	A man in a baseball uniform standing on a mound of a field.
1	a man in a baseball uniform standing over a mound of a field.
0	A man on his skis on the snowy slopes.
1	a man over his skis on the snowy slopes.
0	Person on skies in the snow with a scarf around his face.
1	person in skies in the snow with a scarf around his face.
0	A person on skis going down a hill with trees in background.
1	a person upon skis going down a hill with trees in background.
0	A skateboarder is seen near a crowd through the glass door.
1	a skateboarder is seen near a crowd up the glass door.
0	a person skating on a sidewalk next to people on their bikes
1	a person skating in a sidewalk next to people on their bikes
0	The skateboarder is skateboarding in front of many pedestrians.
1	the skateboarder is skateboarding over front of many pedestrians.
0	A person balancing on a skateboard on the sidewalk.
1	a person balancing with a skateboard on the sidewalk.
0	a boy jumping his skate board over some steps
1	a boy jumping his skate board below some steps
0	A man doing a trick on a skateboard over some steps.
1	a man doing a trick on a skateboard near some steps.
0	A man is in mid air doing a skateboard trick.
1	a man is beside mid air doing a skateboard trick.
0	there is a man on a skate board doing a trick
1	there is a man beside a skate board doing a trick
0	A young skateboarder stands on his board on a rail.
1	a young skateboarder stands in his board on a rail.
1	a happy skateboarder stands on his board on a rail.
0	A dim plate of food is on a brown table.
1	a dim plate of food is beside a brown table.
0	A person holding several carrots in their hand.
1	a person holding several carrots under their hand.
0	A person is holding a cluster of dirty carrots.
1	a person is holding a cluster of cheap carrots.
0	A person on a snowboard is in the air preparing to land on a snowy slope.
1	a person with a snowboard is in the air preparing to land on a snowy slope.
0	A man in a red jacket riding a snowboard.
1	a man over a red jacket riding a snowboard.
0	Photograph of man on snow board jumping through the air.
1	photograph of man with snow board jumping through the air.
0	an image of a man on skis' doing tricks
1	an image of a man over skis' doing tricks
0	A snowboarder grabs the board while performing a stunt in the air.
1	a snowboarder grabs the board while performing a stunt under the air.
0	A man and a woman riding on a ski lift.
1	a man and a woman riding upon a ski lift.
0	Two people on a ski lift on a snow covered mountain.
1	two people in a ski lift on a snow covered mountain.
0	an image of a couple that is skiing and on skiis
1	an image of a couple that is skiing and in skiis
0	People snowboarding down a hill in the mountains.
1	people snowboarding down a hill at the mountains.
0	Several snowboarders on a snow packed snowboard course.
1	several snowboarders in a snow packed snowboard course.
0	Snowboarders on a mountain slope with other mountains in the distance.
1	snowboarders with a mountain slope with other mountains in the distance.
0	A box of donuts are sitting on a desk.
1	a box of donuts are sitting behind a desk.
0	A box of a variety of pastries on a table
1	a box of a variety of pastries beside a table
0	A pink box filled with lots of different flavored donuts.
1	a pink box filled with lots of like flavored donuts.
0	Two people are sitting at a table eating a large meal.
1	two people are sitting behind a table eating a large meal.
0	People at an outdoor table eating pizza while surrounded by a crowd.
1	people across an outdoor table eating pizza while surrounded by a crowd.
0	two people eating at a table and many people are watching them
1	two people eating behind a table and many people are watching them
0	A man on his ski board next to a mountain.
1	a man with his ski board next to a mountain.
0	A person snowboarding down some snowy slopes with tall mountains in the background
1	a person snowboarding down some snowy slopes with tall mountains over the background
0	a woman is making some food in a bowl
1	a woman is making some food upon a bowl
0	A woman frying doughnuts in a deep bowl on a stove.
1	a woman frying doughnuts at a deep bowl on a stove.
0	A woman is making donuts in a pan.
1	a woman is making donuts under a pan.
0	The older woman is frying donuts in her pan.
1	the older woman is frying donuts at her pan.
0	An elder woman is frying up some donuts in the pan.
1	an elder woman is frying up some donuts at the pan.
0	Three men in military uniform cutting a cake.
1	three men beside military uniform cutting a cake.
0	Men in uniform watching two other men in uniform cut a cake.
1	men at uniform watching two other men in uniform cut a cake.
0	Men of the Navy working together at a function.
1	men of the navy working together across a function.
0	Four men wearing fatigues stand near a table with blue chairs.
1	four men wearing fatigues stand over a table with blue chairs.
0	a tray with various foods and beverages on it
1	a tray on various foods and beverages on it
0	A meal and a coke sitting on a pulled down airline tray.
1	a meal and a coke sitting in a pulled down airline tray.
0	a plate of food on a person's lap in an airline seat
1	a plate of food on a person's lap beside an airline seat
0	Airplane food sitting on a display with people looking on.
1	airplane food sitting on a display with people looking upon.
0	A chocolate cake with a bottle of shaving cream scissors and a brush sitting on top of it.
1	a chocolate cake with a bottle of shaving cream scissors and a brush sitting in top of it.
0	a man standing on an upside down surfboard on the sand
1	a man standing in an upside down surfboard on the sand
0	A man riding on a surfboard while on sand.
1	a man riding on a surfboard while behind sand.
0	a man standing sideways on a surf board
1	a man standing sideways with a surf board
0	A man poses on a surfboard on the beach.
1	a man poses beside a surfboard on the beach.
0	A man holding a surfboard on top of a sandy beach.
1	a man holding a surfboard in top of a sandy beach.
0	A man stands on the beach holding his surfboard.
1	a man stands over the beach holding his surfboard.
0	A surfer holding a surf board at the edge of the beach watching the surf.
1	a surfer holding a surf board over the edge of the beach watching the surf.
0	A group of people playing with soccer balls in the grass.
1	a group of people playing with soccer balls upon the grass.
0	Three young people are practicing their soccer skills in a park.
1	three young people are practicing their soccer skills upon a park.
0	Three teenagers are practicing playing soccer in the park.
1	three teenagers are practicing playing soccer under the park.
0	A group of young me kicking around a soccer ball.
1	three happy people are practicing their soccer skills in a park.
1	a group of happy me kicking around a soccer ball.
0	A woman riding on a surfboard on her stomach.
1	a woman riding on a surfboard over her stomach.
0	A man holding a surfboard watching a woman on a surfboard.
1	a man holding a surfboard watching a woman beside a surfboard.
0	People in a large body of a water using surfboards.
1	people at a large body of a water using surfboards.
0	A group of people who are standing in the grass.
1	a group of people who are standing at the grass.
0	Several young children participating in a coed soccer game.
1	several young children participating over a coed soccer game.
0	A group of children are playing soccer on a sunny day.
1	a group of children are playing soccer in a sunny day.
1	several happy children participating in a coed soccer game.
0	Creepy large doll heads laying in giant oversized fake beds.
1	creepy large doll heads laying under giant oversized fake beds.
0	Three beds in a street with cartoon figures in the bed.
1	three beds beside a street with cartoon figures in the bed.
0	A man is working on some parade floats.
1	a man is working in some parade floats.
0	A worker tends to large figures placed in oversized beds.
1	a worker tends to large figures placed under oversized beds.
0	A computer and miscellaneous items on a wooden desk
1	a computer and miscellaneous items over a wooden desk
0	A computer desk has various accessories on it
1	a computer desk has various accessories upon it
0	A pizza that is sitting on a plate on a table.
1	a pizza that is sitting behind a plate on a table.
0	A pizza sitting on top of a pan on top of a table.
1	a pizza sitting over top of a pan on top of a table.
0	A large cheese pizza on a white plate
1	a large cheese pizza behind a white plate
0	Young woman with long brown hair in very dark grey jump top holding electronic instrument like a remote control.
1	young woman on long brown hair in very dark grey jump top holding electronic instrument like a remote control.
0	A young woman stands with a Wii remote in her hand.
1	a young woman stands with a wii remote over her hand.
0	A young woman holding a video game remote
0	A beautiful young lady holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
1	happy woman with long brown hair in very dark grey jump top holding electronic instrument like a remote control.
1	a happy woman holding a video game remote
1	a ugly young lady holding a nintendo wii game controller.
1	a happy woman stands with a wii remote in her hand.
0	Camera and computers set up on a desk
1	camera and computers set up in a desk
0	A laptop and desk top computer sitting side by side on a desk.
1	a laptop and desk top computer sitting side by side upon a desk.
0	A laptop sitting on a desk near a cellphone, mouse, keyboard and monitor.
1	a laptop sitting on a desk below a cellphone, mouse, keyboard and monitor.
0	An open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk next to a keyboard.
1	an open laptop computer sitting in top of a desk next to a keyboard.
0	Laptops, keyboards, and other computer equipment on display.
1	laptops, keyboards, and other computer equipment upon display.
0	a computer,a keyboard and a mouse and a bottle of wine on a table
1	a computer, a keyboard and a mouse and a bottle of wine with a table
0	a tiny laptop hooked up to a mouse and keyboard
1	a huge laptop hooked up to a mouse and keyboard
0	A keyboard, mouse, speakers and monitor on a desk
1	a keyboard, mouse, speakers and monitor beside a desk
0	A computer on Wikipedia placed on a desk in the dark.
1	a computer with wikipedia placed on a desk in the dark.
0	A computer sitting on a desk with wikepedia on the screen.
1	a computer sitting with a desk with wikepedia on the screen.
0	A desktop computer with mouse and speakers on a stand.
1	a desktop computer with mouse and speakers behind a stand.
0	Hundreds of people gathered in the park with the Capitol building in the background.
1	hundreds of people gathered under the park with the capitol building in the background.
0	Groups of people flying kites in front of the white house.
1	groups of people flying kites upon front of the white house.
0	a baseball player is swinging a bat at a game
1	a baseball player is swinging a bat over a game
0	A batter at a baseball game swinging at a pitch.
1	a batter beside a baseball game swinging at a pitch.
0	a baseball field with a man at home plate
1	a baseball field with a man across home plate
0	A view of a baseball player in a game.
1	a view of a baseball player at a game.
0	A baseball player holding a bat on a field.
1	a baseball player holding a bat in a field.
0	there is a baseball game going on at a stadium
1	there is a baseball game going over at a stadium
0	A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
1	a desktop computer sitting upon top of a wooden desk.
0	Images on a computer screen on a desk while another laptop on the desk sits blank.
1	images on a computer screen on a desk while another laptop with the desk sits blank.
0	A computer desk with a monitor, phone, and laptop on top of it.
1	a computer desk with a monitor, phone, and laptop behind top of it.
0	A desktop and laptop computer on a desk.
1	a desktop and laptop computer behind a desk.
0	Two computers are sitting on top of the desk.
1	two computers are sitting upon top of the desk.
0	Two computers on a large wooden computer desk.
1	two computers beside a large wooden computer desk.
0	A laptop with external keyboard, mouse, phone and photo on a desk.
1	a laptop with external keyboard, mouse, phone and photo behind a desk.
0	a poster with some pictures on it
1	a poster with some pictures behind it
0	A graphic promoting the NaNoWriMo event that authors nationwide participate in.
1	a graphic promoting the nanowrimo event that authors nationwide participate beside.
0	magnets that have been placed on a refridgerator.
1	magnets that have been placed beside a refridgerator.
0	Many different magnets are decorated on the fridge.
1	many different magnets are decorated with the fridge.
0	This refrigerator has many different stickers and magnets on it
1	this refrigerator has many different stickers and magnets upon it
1	many like magnets are decorated on the fridge.
1	this refrigerator has many like stickers and magnets on it
0	The scissors are on the table next to the coffee mug.
1	the scissors are behind the table next to the coffee mug.
0	a close up of a pair of scissors next to a cup on a canvas
1	a close up of a pair of scissors next to a cup over a canvas
0	A placemat on a gass table with scissors and a cup.
1	a placemat upon a gass table with scissors and a cup.
0	A person is cutting a pizza on a foil pan with scissors.
1	a person is cutting a pizza behind a foil pan with scissors.
0	A person using a pair of scissors on a metal container.
1	a person using a pair of scissors over a metal container.
0	A Roman number clock tower near a municipal building.
1	a roman number clock tower across a municipal building.
0	there is a clock that is at the top of this structure
1	there is a clock that is upon the top of this structure
0	A brick clock tower in front of a building.
1	a brick clock tower upon front of a building.
0	A clock tower sits near a building and flagpole.
1	a clock tower sits over a building and flagpole.
0	A tower that has a clock on the top of it.
1	a tower that has a clock upon the top of it.
0	a hand that is holding a cellphone in the palm.
1	a hand that is holding a cellphone upon the palm.
0	A smartphone held in a person's hand in front of a display of cell phones.
1	a smartphone held in a person's hand upon front of a display of cell phones.
0	A man holding a cell phone at a counter with phones for sale.
1	a man holding a cell phone across a counter with phones for sale.
0	The man in a costume suit is talking on a cell phone.
1	the man in a costume suit is talking behind a cell phone.
0	man wearing a bow tie and top hat on a cell phone
1	man wearing a bow tie and top hat upon a cell phone
0	A man on the phone with a mustache
1	a man behind the phone with a mustache
0	A man wearing a suit and tie talking on a phone.
1	a man wearing a suit and tie talking upon a phone.
0	A man in top hat and bow tie talking on a cellphone.
1	a man in top hat and bow tie talking beside a cellphone.
0	A white microwave hangs above the oven under cabinets
1	a white microwave hangs above the oven near cabinets
0	a close up of a microwave attached to a wall
1	a close atop of a microwave attached to a wall
0	White microwave oven installed beneath cabinets in kitchens.
1	white microwave oven installed beneath cabinets at kitchens.
0	doughnuts baked in an oven on top of aluminum foil
1	doughnuts baked at an oven on top of aluminum foil
0	Baked croissaninsider layer of tinfoil, inside an oven.
1	baked croissaninsider layer of tinfoil, up an oven.
0	Four pastries or bagels on a foil covered tray in an oven.
1	four pastries or bagels on a foil covered tray under an oven.
0	Four small loaves of bread baking inside the oven.
1	four small loaves of bread baking beneath the oven.
0	some food cooking in the oven on some tin foil
1	some food cooking at the oven on some tin foil
0	A man standing in front of an open refrigerator filled with bottles of beer.
1	a man standing under front of an open refrigerator filled with bottles of beer.
0	A young man looking into a refrigerator at bottles.
1	a young man looking into a refrigerator upon bottles.
0	Young man looking into the inside of a refrigerator through bottles.
1	young man looking into the inside of a refrigerator up bottles.
0	A young man looking into the refrigerator with bottles
1	a happy man looking into the refrigerator with bottles
1	a happy man looking into a refrigerator at bottles.
1	happy man looking into the inside of a refrigerator through bottles.
0	A clock is shown at the top of a doorway.
1	a clock is shown across the top of a doorway.
0	THE FRONT OF A VERY TALL BUILDING WITH A CLOCK IN THE MIDDLE
1	the front of a very tall building with a clock at the middle
0	Clock displayed over entrance of building with white columns.
1	clock displayed at entrance of building with white columns.
0	A neon sign sitting on top of a building with a giant clock.
1	a neon sign sitting upon top of a building with a giant clock.
0	A large white clock and some vehicles on a road.
1	a large white clock and some vehicles behind a road.
0	A clock on top of a building with cars parked outside.
1	a clock over top of a building with cars parked outside.
0	A vase filled with flowers and greens on a shelf.
1	a vase filled with flowers and greens over a shelf.
0	A table with a vase filled with flowers and foliage on top.
1	a table with a vase filled with flowers and foliage with top.
0	A white vase of flowers sits on a wood shelf.
1	a white vase of flowers sits in a wood shelf.
0	a bouquet of flowers and leaves in a light colored vase
1	a bouquet of flowers and leaves at a light colored vase
0	A vase of beautiful flowers are on display.
1	a vase of beautiful flowers are beside display.
1	a vase of ugly flowers are on display.
0	A pair of scissors sitting on top of a table.
1	a pair of scissors sitting upon top of a table.
0	A pair of scissors, tape, and wrapping paper lie on a wooden surface.
1	a pair of scissors, tape, and wrapping paper lie over a wooden surface.
0	Some scrap book scissors are on a brown table.
1	some scrap book scissors are behind a brown table.
0	a pair of scissor that is laying on a wooden table
1	a pair of scissor that is laying behind a wooden table
0	A pair of scissors and fabric on a wood table.
1	a pair of scissors and fabric upon a wood table.
0	A picture of stuffed animals that are dressed up and in a box.
1	a picture of stuffed animals that are dressed up and at a box.
0	A teddy bear sitting near a railing facing a beach full of people.
1	a teddy bear sitting across a railing facing a beach full of people.
0	a teddy bear on railing overlooking beach of people
1	a teddy bear beside railing overlooking beach of people
0	Black teddy bear looking over rail at crowded beach
1	black teddy bear looking over rail beside crowded beach
0	A stuffed bear on a railing overlooking a crowded beach.
1	a stuffed bear with a railing overlooking a crowded beach.
0	A teddy bear sitting near a rail over looking a crowded beach.
1	a teddy bear sitting near a rail on looking a crowded beach.
0	a table with some plates of food on it
1	a table with some plates of food beside it
0	a close up of a plate of food near a cup
1	a close up of a plate of food upon a cup
0	A sandwich wrap with sauce sits on a white plate near coffee, pastry and books.
1	a sandwich wrap with sauce sits in a white plate near coffee, pastry and books.
0	A man at a wooden table looking at a plate of food.
1	a man at a wooden table looking across a plate of food.
0	a man smiling while looking at his plate of food
1	a man smiling while looking across his plate of food
0	A man sitting at a table with a plate filled with food.
1	a man sitting upon a table with a plate filled with food.
0	A man looking happily at some dish in front of him.
1	a man looking sadly at some dish in front of him.
0	A man smiling with a breakfast burrito and a coffee cup with a smiley face.
1	a man smiling on a breakfast burrito and a coffee cup with a smiley face.
0	A smiling man stands at a table with an egg burrito and two mugs of coffee.
1	a smiling man stands over a table with an egg burrito and two mugs of coffee.
0	a person at a table with a plate of food and a cup
1	a person over a table with a plate of food and a cup
0	A man sitting at a table with a burrito and a cup of coffee in front of him.
1	a man sitting over a table with a burrito and a cup of coffee in front of him.
0	A man in grey sweater standing at a wooden table with food and coffee.
1	a man in grey sweater standing at a wooden table on food and coffee.
0	Man in a restaurant kitchen preparing a meal.
1	man under a restaurant kitchen preparing a meal.
0	A man in the kitchen looking around at items
1	a man at the kitchen looking around at items
0	A man standing in a large kitchen looking into a pot.
1	a man standing over a large kitchen looking into a pot.
0	A guy looks in a pan while cooking in a kitchen.
1	a guy looks in a pan while cooking at a kitchen.
0	A man preparing food in a large, industrial kitchen.
1	a man preparing food upon a large, industrial kitchen.
0	A person on a skateboard, jumping the board at a skateboard park.
1	a person on a skateboard, jumping the board behind a skateboard park.
0	A man on a skateboard performing a trick.
1	a man beside a skateboard performing a trick.
0	a person jumping in the air while standing on a skateboard.
1	a person jumping upon the air while standing on a skateboard.
0	A man in white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
1	a man over white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
0	A woman is seen in the ocean holding a surfboard.
1	a woman is seen at the ocean holding a surfboard.
0	Young woman sits on a surfboard in the ocean
1	young woman sits behind a surfboard in the ocean
0	a close up of a woman sitting on a surfboard in the water, with several people in the background
1	a close up of a woman sitting on a surfboard over the water, with several people in the background
0	A person sitting on a surf board in the ocean.
1	a person sitting on a surf board under the ocean.
1	happy woman sits on a surfboard in the ocean
0	Woman in green jacket holding up a bicycle in a park.
1	woman under green jacket holding up a bicycle in a park.
0	a bathroom with a cat underneath a bath tub
1	a bathroom with a cat beneath a bath tub
0	A picture of a cat underneath a sink.
1	a picture of a cat inside a sink.
0	A bathroom scene with a cat under the bathtub.
1	a bathroom scene with a cat behind the bathtub.
0	Cat crawling under a partially installed bath tub
1	cat crawling across a partially installed bath tub
0	One black and grey cat crawling under a white bathtub.
1	one black and grey cat crawling near a white bathtub.
1	cat crawling under a altogether installed bath tub
0	a cat lays down next to a glass with a straw in it
1	a cat lays down next to a glass with a straw upon it
0	A cat with a lemon drink in a mason jar with a straw.
1	a cat with a lemon drink upon a mason jar with a straw.
0	A cat sits next to a glass with a lime in it
1	a cat sits next to a glass with a lime beside it
0	A cat who looks like it is drinking from a straw placed in a mason jar.
1	a cat who looks like it is drinking from a straw placed over a mason jar.
0	A cat lying in front of a glass on the floor.
1	a cat lying under front of a glass on the floor.
0	A bathroom has a rug on the tile floor and a white bath tub and toilet.
1	a bathroom has a rug over the tile floor and a white bath tub and toilet.
0	A white toilet and a bath in a room.
1	a white toilet and a bath under a room.
0	A person taking a picture and there image reflecting in a mirror.
1	a person taking a picture and there image reflecting under a mirror.
0	A guy taking a picture of himself in a bathroom mirror.
1	a guy taking a picture of himself beside a bathroom mirror.
0	A man holding a camera reflected in a bathroom mirror that sits above a sink and next to a door.
1	a man holding a camera reflected upon a bathroom mirror that sits above a sink and next to a door.
0	A bathroom counter with two sinks under two mirrors.
1	a bathroom counter with two sinks below two mirrors.
0	This is someones bathroom sink in their home.
1	this is someones bathroom sink over their home.
0	A towel rack hangs on the wall between two mirrors.
1	a towel rack hangs in the wall between two mirrors.
0	The toilet is in a separate area away from the sink.
1	the toilet is beside a separate area away from the sink.
0	A sink on the left with a separate room with a toilet on the right
1	a sink upon the left with a separate room with a toilet on the right
0	A toilet in a bathroom next to a sink in a doorway.
1	a toilet beside a bathroom next to a sink in a doorway.
0	A woman taking a selfie in front of a large mirror.
1	a woman taking a selfie at front of a large mirror.
0	a woman taking a picture of herself in the mirror
1	a woman taking a picture of herself over the mirror
0	A woman holding a camera in front of a mirror.
1	a woman holding a camera beside front of a mirror.
0	A white sink sitting underneath a round mirror.
1	a white sink sitting beneath a round mirror.
0	The front view of a sink with a mirror on top.
1	the front view of a sink with a mirror upon top.
0	A sink with a round mirror on the wall above it
1	a sink on a round mirror on the wall above it
0	A clean, organized bathroom with accessories in it.
1	a clean, organized bathroom with accessories over it.
0	A white sink in a bathroom sitting below a mirror.
1	a white sink in a bathroom sitting at a mirror.
0	A vintage STOP sign in black & white
1	a vintage stop sign over black & white
0	A black and white image of a wall with a stop sign on it.
1	a black and white image of a wall with a stop sign beside it.
0	A machine with a lit up stop sign mounted on it's side.
1	a machine on a lit up stop sign mounted on it's side.
0	A stop sign is on a large metal industrial machine.
1	a stop sign is upon a large metal industrial machine.
0	classic cars on a city street with people and a dog
1	classic cars upon a city street with people and a dog
0	Small groups of people, including a person walking a dog, are scattered about an outdoor area, encompassing some streets, that is filled with classic cars.
1	small groups of people, including a person walking a dog, are scattered about an indoor area, encompassing some streets, that is filled with classic cars.
0	a toilet with glitter paint on it
1	a toilet with glitter paint over it
0	A dirty white toilet in a small room.
1	a dirty white toilet upon a small room.
0	Toilet with white splatter paint on a black seat in a restroom stall.
1	toilet with white splatter paint with a black seat in a restroom stall.
0	A restroom toilet and lid covered in silver glitter.
1	a restroom toilet and lid covered over silver glitter.
1	a cheap white toilet in a small room.
0	A church with a massively tall tower covered in a clock.
1	a church with a massively tall tower covered upon a clock.
0	A bell tower on top of a building with a clock below.
1	a bell tower in top of a building with a clock below.
0	A man sitting on a toilet whle talking on a phone.
1	a man sitting in a toilet whle talking on a phone.
0	A man in a suite sits on a toilet and talks on a landline phone.
1	a man in a suite sits behind a toilet and talks on a landline phone.
0	A man sitting on a toilet with a telephone in his hand.
1	a man sitting on a toilet on a telephone in his hand.
0	A glass bottle on a red surface with a red backdrop
1	a glass bottle with a red surface with a red backdrop
0	a fancy colorful bottle sitting on a tablecloth
1	a fancy colorful bottle sitting in a tablecloth
0	A vase that is sitting on a table.
1	a vase that is sitting in a table.
0	a small glass vile is sitting on a table
1	a small glass vile is sitting upon a table
0	A close up of a man wearing a helmet and eating a banana.
1	a close within of a man wearing a helmet and eating a banana.
0	A man in a helmet is eating a banana.
1	a man at a helmet is eating a banana.
0	Advertising sign above a patio umbrella on sunny day.
1	advertising sign above a patio umbrella over sunny day.
0	An umbrella is opened over an outdoor table.
1	an umbrella is opened below an outdoor table.
1	an umbrella is opened over an indoor table.
0	People standing on a roadway next to a vintage motorcycle.
1	people standing behind a roadway next to a vintage motorcycle.
0	A man standing next to a motorcycle on asphalt.
1	a man standing next to a motorcycle with asphalt.
0	A person standing beside a unique moped on a street.
1	a person standing beside a unique moped behind a street.
0	A airplane that is flying over a mountain.
1	a airplane that is flying near a mountain.
0	A red tailed airplane flying over snowy mountains
1	a red tailed airplane flying at snowy mountains
0	Looking down a street in New York City with Central Park on the right and buildings on the left.
1	looking down a street under new york city with central park on the right and buildings on the left.
0	a couple of parked cars sitting in front of some buildings
1	a couple of parked cars sitting over front of some buildings
0	a long street next to a bunch of buildings
1	looking down a street in new york city with peripheral park on the right and buildings on the left.
1	a short street next to a bunch of buildings
0	Three giraffe standing next to two zebra on a lush green field.
1	three giraffe standing next to two zebra in a lush green field.
0	Some giraffes and zebras in an exhibit at zoo
1	some giraffes and zebras in an exhibit beside zoo
0	A group of giraffes and zebras feeding and grazing in a grassy field.
1	a group of giraffes and zebras feeding and grazing at a grassy field.
0	Three giraffe and two zebras are grazing in the grass together.
1	three giraffe and two zebras are grazing upon the grass together.
0	a double deckered bus driving on a city street
1	a double deckered bus driving behind a city street
0	A red bus that is sitting in front of a building.
1	a red bus that is sitting beside front of a building.
0	A white park bench sitting in the middle of a forest.
1	a white park bench sitting over the middle of a forest.
0	A garden bench nestled in a botanical oasis
1	a garden bench nestled beside a botanical oasis
0	An inviting white bench sits in the shade of this well-planned, forested garden.
1	an inviting white bench sits over the shade of this well-planned, forested garden.
0	A person is standing by a pier near a fire hydrant
1	a person is standing by a pier over a fire hydrant
0	a man is standing in front of a fire hydrant
1	a man is standing over front of a fire hydrant
0	Mannin a brown outfit standing in front of a red and white fire hydrant.
1	mannin a brown outfit standing at front of a red and white fire hydrant.
0	A large bird stands on the ledge of a window.
1	a large bird stands in the ledge of a window.
0	A large bird is standing in an open window.
1	a large bird is standing upon an open window.
0	A bird of prey sitting in a open window.
1	a bird of prey sitting at a open window.
0	a school advertising on its store front window
1	a school advertising behind its store front window
0	A large sign sitting on the front of a building.
1	a large sign sitting behind the front of a building.
0	A sign on a glass building reading "Factory Trained Technicians."
1	a sign upon a glass building reading "factory trained technicians."
0	A sign in front of glass that reads Factory Trained Technicians.
1	a sign under front of glass that reads factory trained technicians.
0	A sign reading "factory trained technicians" on a glass wall.
1	a sign reading "factory trained technicians" beside a glass wall.
0	A giraffe is standing near some large boulders.
1	a giraffe is standing below some large boulders.
0	Up close to a giraffe in its natural habitat.
1	up close to a giraffe over its natural habitat.
0	A lone giraffe standing in the sun in captivity.
1	a lone giraffe standing in the sun beside captivity.
0	A giraffe standing by the rocks on a sunny day.
1	a giraffe standing by the rocks behind a sunny day.
0	A giraffe is standing next to large rocks in a grassy area.
1	a giraffe is standing next to large rocks over a grassy area.
0	Sign over city street above traffic lights by a building.
1	sign at city street above traffic lights by a building.
0	A street sign hangs over a city intersection.
1	a street sign hangs at a city intersection.
0	Black bird with red eyes as seen sitting on branch.
1	black bird with red eyes as seen sitting over branch.
0	A black bird perched up on top of a tree branch.
1	a black bird perched up beside top of a tree branch.
0	A bird perched on a branch by some leaves.
1	a bird perched over a branch by some leaves.
0	a bird with red eyes sits on a tree branch
1	a bird with red eyes sits behind a tree branch
0	A cat that has her eyes closed on the bed.
1	a cat that has her eyes closed in the bed.
0	An orange cat sitting on a lap and wearing a santa hat.
1	an orange cat sitting in a lap and wearing a santa hat.
0	two white goats in a snowy field look at a tree
1	two white goats in a snowy field look behind a tree
0	Two white goats standing near some melting snow.
1	two white goats standing over some melting snow.
0	Multiple street signs giving direction in this neighborhood
1	multiple street signs giving direction under this neighborhood
0	Traffic signs at a neighborhood entrance to a city.
1	traffic signs beside a neighborhood entrance to a city.
0	A flower image on a street sign for "E 7th St"
1	a flower image beside a street sign for "e 7th st"
0	There is a street sign with a rose on it.
1	there is a street sign on a rose on it.
0	A large field with a truck stop sign on it.
1	a large field with a truck stop sign behind it.
0	Derelict billboard in a rural field next to pine forest.
1	derelict billboard in a urban field next to pine forest.
0	A train driving around a corner on the track.
1	a train driving around a corner upon the track.
0	A passenger train on the tracks going around a curve.
1	a passenger train in the tracks going around a curve.
0	A leaned over stop sign in a snowy parking lot.
1	a leaned over stop sign beside a snowy parking lot.
0	A stop sign tipped over and buried in the snow
1	a stop sign tipped upon and buried in the snow
0	A stop sign leaning over in melting snow.
1	a stop sign leaning over upon melting snow.
0	A stop sign that has fallen over in the snow.
1	a stop sign that has fallen over beside the snow.
0	a broken stop sign bent over in some snow
1	a broken stop sign bent over at some snow
0	A stop sign mounted on pole in front of a street sign mounted on its own pole.
1	a stop sign mounted beside pole in front of a street sign mounted on its own pole.
0	The stop sign at the corner of North Main and Schoolhouse
1	the stop sign at the corner of south main and schoolhouse
0	A large red sign on a metal pole.
1	a large red sign over a metal pole.
0	The stop sign has words painted on it.
1	the stop sign has words painted upon it.
0	A commuter train passes people sitting on a bench at a train station.
1	a commuter train passes people sitting behind a bench at a train station.
0	A train arriving at a train station where a few people are waiting.
1	a train arriving behind a train station where a few people are waiting.
0	There is a dog on top of a truck outside.
1	there is a dog in top of a truck outside.
0	A dog sits on top of a truck.
1	a dog sits upon top of a truck.
0	a little dog sitting on the roof of a club cab truck
1	a little dog sitting behind the roof of a club cab truck
0	A black and white dog sitting on the edge of a patio.
1	a black and white dog sitting behind the edge of a patio.
0	A dog tied to a white barrel in the bed of a truck.
1	a dog tied to a white barrel upon the bed of a truck.
0	A rotweiler sitting in the back of a pickup truck
1	a rotweiler sitting at the back of a pickup truck
0	A dog is tied up in the back of a truck
1	a dog is tied up over the back of a truck
0	The cat is finds a comfortable bed in the  packed storage and travel bags.
1	the cat is finds a comfortable bed upon the packed storage and travel bags.
0	A cat sits in one of the luggage bags that is being packed.
1	a cat sits beside one of the luggage bags that is being packed.
1	the cat is finds a uncomfortable bed in the packed storage and travel bags.
0	A cat standing on a pallet of junk in a desert state.
1	a cat standing on a pallet of junk beside a desert state.
0	A skinny, wet cat looks over the side of a platform.
1	a skinny, wet cat looks on the side of a platform.
0	A cow grazing on the side of a hill.
1	a cow grazing upon the side of a hill.
0	A brown cow grazing on grass on a mountain.
1	a brown cow grazing beside grass on a mountain.
0	An animal grazing on a grassy hill near mountains.
1	an animal grazing on a grassy hill across mountains.
0	A cow is standing on a grassy sloped hill.
1	a cow is standing behind a grassy sloped hill.
0	A large brown cow standing on the side of a lush green hill.
1	a large brown cow standing with the side of a lush green hill.
0	A white and orange cat looking at itself in front of a mirror.
1	a white and orange cat looking upon itself in front of a mirror.
0	a brown and white cat looking it itself in a mirror
1	a brown and white cat looking it itself at a mirror
0	A cat on a porch looking at it's reflection.
1	a cat beside a porch looking at it's reflection.
0	A person with a cat in their lap is sitting in front of a laptop.
1	a person with a cat upon their lap is sitting in front of a laptop.
0	A cat is on someones lap who is using a lap top.
1	a cat is behind someones lap who is using a lap top.
0	a close up of a cat in the lap of someone
1	a close up of a cat beside the lap of someone
0	The cat is sitting on the keyboard of the laptop.
1	the cat is sitting behind the keyboard of the laptop.
0	A black and white cat is sitting up on a laptop.
1	a black and white cat is sitting up over a laptop.
0	A cat sits on top of a computer.
1	a cat sits beside top of a computer.
0	Large clock sitting on the side of a large building.
1	large clock sitting in the side of a large building.
0	A large building with statues at the top of it .
1	a large building with statues upon the top of it.
0	Statues on the second floor of a building, sitting below a clock.
1	statues on the second floor of a building, sitting over a clock.
0	A man with a polka dotted tie, dress shirt and wool sweater on.
1	a man on a polka dotted tie, dress shirt and wool sweater on.
0	A brown tie with yellow spots matched with a grey vest and a white shirt.
1	a brown tie on yellow spots matched with a grey vest and a white shirt.
0	a close up of a brown tie with white polka dots
1	a close atop of a brown tie with white polka dots
0	A man adjusting another mans suit in a building.
1	a man adjusting another mans suit upon a building.
0	Two gentleman in formal suits, one of them is adjusting the collar of the other.
1	two gentleman beside formal suits, one of them is adjusting the collar of the other.
0	A man is placing something on another man's coat lapel.
1	a man is placing something with another man's coat lapel.
0	their are two men in suits getting ready
1	their are two men upon suits getting ready
0	A small boat pulling up to a dock on the river.
1	a small boat pulling up to a dock upon the river.
0	A village in the jungle with a river running past and a boat on the river.
1	a village over the jungle with a river running past and a boat on the river.
0	A boat is on a muddy river near a dock.
1	a boat is on a muddy river in a dock.
0	A crowd of people in an Asian marketplace.
1	a crowd of people at an asian marketplace.
0	A person holding an umbrella in a garage.
1	a person holding an umbrella at a garage.
0	A man standing in a garage with an umbrella opened.
1	a man standing beside a garage with an umbrella opened.
0	a chair with an umbrella sitting on top of it
1	a chair with an umbrella sitting over top of it
0	two elephants with a person riding on each one
1	two elephants on a person riding on each one
0	A couple of men riding on a couple of elephants.
1	a couple of men riding in a couple of elephants.
0	a couple of people riding on some big elephants
1	a couple of people riding behind some big elephants
0	Two men in ties smile at the camera
1	two men in ties smile over the camera
0	A man sitting on a bench next to a star wars storm trooper.
1	a man sitting beside a bench next to a star wars storm trooper.
0	A person in costume and a man wait in a bus stop.
1	a person at costume and a man wait in a bus stop.
0	Man and a storm trooper waiting at a bus stop.
1	man and a storm trooper waiting behind a bus stop.
0	A man sits on the bench at the bus station while a person in costume stands nearby.
1	a man sits on the bench across the bus station while a person in costume stands nearby.
0	An elderly man sitting at bus stop beside "storm trooper" with suitcase and wearing a fedora.
1	an elderly man sitting at bus stop behind "storm trooper" with suitcase and wearing a fedora.
0	A young person in their messy living room with dolls, pillows, and chips.
1	a young person under their messy living room with dolls, pillows, and chips.
0	the woman is packing her clothes in her luggage
1	the woman is packing her clothes beside her luggage
0	a young woman packing luggage backs with clothing
1	a happy woman packing luggage backs with clothing
1	a happy person in their messy living room with dolls, pillows, and chips.
0	Two dogs sitting at a dinner table enjoy food in bowls.
1	two dogs sitting behind a dinner table enjoy food in bowls.
0	Two dogs wearing bibs eating off plates on a table.
1	two dogs wearing bibs eating off plates with a table.
0	Two dogs eat off of plates at a table.
1	two dogs eat off of plates beside a table.
0	Two dogs eating food off plates at a table.
1	two dogs eating food off plates beside a table.
0	Ladies walking on a side walk in the rain carrying umbrellas.
1	ladies walking upon a side walk in the rain carrying umbrellas.
0	A group of people holding two umbrellas walking on the sidewalk.
1	a group of people holding two umbrellas walking behind the sidewalk.
0	A dog laying on grass near a flying disc.
1	a dog laying in grass near a flying disc.
0	A happy dog sitting on the grass next to a frisbee.
1	a happy dog sitting upon the grass next to a frisbee.
0	A happy black and white dog next to a frisbee
1	a angry black and white dog next to a frisbee
1	a angry dog sitting on the grass next to a frisbee.
0	A large array of luggage sitting on the ground with several people standing around.
1	a large array of luggage sitting in the ground with several people standing around.
0	A beautiful birthday cake with a teddy bear and two candles on it for Forresco.
1	a beautiful birthday cake with a teddy bear and two candles beside it for forresco.
0	A birthday cake with a topper that reads "Happy Birthday Forresto."
0	A Happy Birthday cake with strawberries, a teddy bear, and two candles.
1	a birthday cake with a topper that reads "angry birthday forresto."
1	a angry birthday cake with strawberries, a teddy bear, and two candles.
1	a ugly birthday cake with a teddy bear and two candles on it for forresco.
0	A brown bear standing on a rock in forest area.
1	a brown bear standing on a rock beside forest area.
0	an image of a bear that is in the woods
1	an image of a bear that is under the woods
0	Grizzly bear walking through wooded area in spring.
1	grizzly bear walking through wooded area under spring.
0	A bear standing on top of a large rock.
1	a bear standing behind top of a large rock.
0	A brown bear walking through a lush green forest.
1	a brown bear walking up a lush green forest.
0	One zebra is lying down and another is standing near it.
1	one zebra is lying down and another is standing across it.
0	Two zebras in zoo habitat, one standing the other lying down.
1	two zebras beside zoo habitat, one standing the other lying down.
0	A close up of some very pretty zebras close together.
1	a close towards of some very pretty zebras close together.
0	Pair of zebras in open space in enclosed outdoor area.
1	pair of zebras in open space in enclosed indoor area.
0	A guy in a brown sweater holds a white frisbee.
1	a guy upon a brown sweater holds a white frisbee.
0	A man stands in a room near a dresser holding a Frisbee.
1	a man stands in a room upon a dresser holding a frisbee.
0	a person in glasses is holding a white plate
1	a person over glasses is holding a white plate
0	A woman sitting in a stream using a frisbee to sift sand
1	a woman sitting under a stream using a frisbee to sift sand
0	A woman sitting at a lake panning for gold.
1	a woman sitting beside a lake panning for gold.
0	Woman sitting on a rock by a stream, panning for gold.
1	woman sitting in a rock by a stream, panning for gold.
0	Three zebras eating hay at a wildlife habitat.
1	three zebras eating hay across a wildlife habitat.
0	Three zebras standing in the dirt at a zoo.
1	three zebras standing in the dirt behind a zoo.
0	Zebras in open area with hay available for feed.
1	zebras beside open area with hay available for feed.
0	Zebras standing in the dirt with a pond of water behind them.
1	zebras standing beside the dirt with a pond of water behind them.
0	A bunch of zebras that are standing in the dirt.
1	a bunch of zebras that are standing over the dirt.
0	three zebras mill about in the grass of a wide open plain.
1	three zebras mill about under the grass of a wide open plain.
0	The zebras grass on the green grassy plain
1	the zebras grass behind the green grassy plain
0	Three zebra standing on a lush green field.
1	three zebra standing in a lush green field.
0	Three zebras walking through an empty field together.
1	three zebras walking up an empty field together.
0	A woman in jeans and a jacket on a horse riding through a large green field.
1	a woman at jeans and a jacket on a horse riding through a large green field.
0	A woman riding a horse on an open field.
1	a woman riding a horse upon an open field.
0	woman rides horse through the dry desert environment
1	woman rides horse around` the dry desert environment
0	a lady is riding her horse through the brush
1	a lady is riding her horse around` the brush
0	a woman on a horse riding through a field
1	a woman beside a horse riding through a field
0	A wild horse is pictured in profile in a mountainous setting.
1	a wild horse is pictured over profile in a mountainous setting.
0	a couple of horses on a grass field by the mountains
1	a couple of horses over a grass field by the mountains
0	A pony with  blonde hair is in a mountain top.
1	a pony with brunette hair is in a mountain top.
0	A horse out in an open space with mountains in the background
1	a horse out upon an open space with mountains in the background
0	A horse that is grazing on some grass.
1	a horse that is grazing over some grass.
0	A horse stands in a grassy area in front of a group of mountains.
1	a horse stands beside a grassy area in front of a group of mountains.
0	Banana trees and other tropical plants around a small building behind a wire fence.
1	banana trees and other tropical plants around a small building beside a wire fence.
0	A large bunch of green bananas growing on a tropical tree
1	a large bunch of green bananas growing in a tropical tree
0	A banana on a cutting board partially sliced.
1	a banana over a cutting board partially sliced.
0	There is a banana that has been partially peeled on a wood surface.
1	a banana on a cutting board altogether sliced.
1	there is a banana that has been altogether peeled on a wood surface.
0	A man holding a child in high water.
1	a man holding a child over high water.
0	A man holding a child wading through muddy flood water.
1	a man holding a child wading around` muddy flood water.
0	A man walking through a muddy river holding a child.
1	a man walking within a muddy river holding a child.
0	a bunch of bananas on the back of a motorcycle
1	a bunch of bananas beside the back of a motorcycle
0	A man carries a load of green bananas on the back of a motorcycle.
1	a man carries a load of green bananas with the back of a motorcycle.
0	A baseball player is running to base while another player is running behind him.
1	a baseball player is running to base while another player is running across him.
0	A baseball player heading towards the base as the fielder moves to cover.
1	a baseball player heading beneath the base as the fielder moves to cover.
0	A baseball batter running with the umpire and catcher behind him.
1	a baseball batter running on the umpire and catcher behind him.
0	A flower blossom by green bananas on a tree.
1	a flower blossom by green bananas behind a tree.
0	a large group of bananas that are on a tree
1	a large group of bananas that are with a tree
0	A skier in a white jacket turns her feet toward each other to slow down on the slope.
1	a skier in a white jacket turns her feet toward each other to slow down beside the slope.
0	A bunch of yellow and green fruit sitting in baskets
1	a bunch of yellow and green fruit sitting beside baskets
0	Multiple baskets of recently picked grapefruits on display.
1	multiple baskets of recently picked grapefruits beside display.
0	A baseball team all huddled together on the baseball field .
1	a baseball team all huddled together beside the baseball field.
0	A baseball team crowd together on the field
1	a baseball team crowd together with the field
0	Large basket of green broccoli on a table.
1	large basket of green broccoli beside a table.
0	A plate with vegetables and meat covered in a sauce.
1	a plate with vegetables and meat covered upon a sauce.
0	Competitive spirit during a competition in mid air
1	competitive spirit during a competition upon mid air
0	A skier races down the track at a competition.
1	a skier races down the track over a competition.
0	A person is skiing on a slope covered in snow.
1	a person is skiing in a slope covered in snow.
0	Skier performing aerial jump during outdoor competition gathering.
1	skier performing aerial jump during indoor competition gathering.
0	A FULL PLATE OF FOOD SITTING ON A TABLE
1	a full plate of food sitting beside a table
0	a big plate of food that is on a table
1	a big plate of food that is in a table
0	A plate of food with an assortment of food on it.
1	a plate of food with an assortment of food with it.
0	There is several different kinds of food on the plate.
1	there is several like kinds of food on the plate.
0	A young man performing tricks on a skateboard.
1	a young man performing tricks upon a skateboard.
0	A teenager is doing a wheelie on a skateboard.
1	a teenager is doing a wheelie upon a skateboard.
0	a boy on a skateboard at a skatepark
1	a boy beside a skateboard at a skatepark
0	A boy is doing a trick on his skateboard.
1	a boy is doing a trick upon his skateboard.
0	A young man skateboarding at a public park.
1	a happy man performing tricks on a skateboard.
1	a happy man skateboarding at a public park.
0	A girl on top of skate board on a street.
1	a girl on top of skate board upon a street.
0	a young girl riding on a skate board
1	a young girl riding over a skate board
0	A girl riding a small skateboard on a street.
1	a girl riding a small skateboard behind a street.
0	A girl is skate boarding on a short skateboard.
1	a happy girl riding on a skate board
1	a girl is skate boarding on a long skateboard.
0	A man in a plaid shirt riding a skateboard.
1	a man at a plaid shirt riding a skateboard.
0	A skateboard hobbyist doing a wheelie on a sidewalk.
1	a skateboard hobbyist doing a wheelie upon a sidewalk.
0	A man skating on the street near a building.
1	a man skating behind the street near a building.
0	A skateboarder starting a jump on a homemade ramp.
1	a skateboarder starting a jump with a homemade ramp.
0	A man is riding a skateboard up a ramp on a street in front of a truck.
1	a man is riding a skateboard up a ramp on a street under front of a truck.
0	A young man riding a skateboard up a black ramp.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard up a black ramp.
0	a kid is riding a skateboard on a ramp
1	a kid is riding a skateboard over a ramp
0	Several little boys skateboarding on a small ramp with help from adults.
1	several little boys skateboarding upon a small ramp with help from adults.
0	Small boys on skateboards on a skateboard ramp
1	small boys beside skateboards on a skateboard ramp
0	A group of young children skateboarding on a ramp.
1	a group of happy children skateboarding on a ramp.
0	A little girl cutting a piece of cake, in a picture.
1	a little girl cutting a piece of cake, upon a picture.
0	A child eating a piece of cake on a plate with a fork.
1	a child eating a piece of cake in a plate with a fork.
0	A child sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of them.
1	a child sitting over a table with a plate of food in front of them.
0	A young girl playing with a piece of cake
1	a happy girl playing with a piece of cake
0	A snowboarder standing in the snow next to a fence.
1	a snowboarder standing at the snow next to a fence.
0	A person standing on the bottom of a mountain, with a snowboard.
1	a person standing behind the bottom of a mountain, with a snowboard.
0	Snowboarder stands in snow near board in fenced area.
1	snowboarder stands in snow below board in fenced area.
0	Camera person standing in the snow with a camera.
1	camera person standing upon the snow with a camera.
0	A snowboarder stands on a hill next to his snowboard.
1	a snowboarder stands upon a hill next to his snowboard.
0	A batter, catcher and umpire in a softball game.
1	a batter, catcher and umpire at a softball game.
0	A baseball player wearing black and white standing on a field swinging a bat.
1	a baseball player wearing black and white standing with a field swinging a bat.
0	The girl is playing baseball in the field.
1	the girl is playing baseball under the field.
0	A woman hitting a softball with a bat on a field.
1	a woman hitting a softball with a bat over a field.
0	A person doing a jump on a water board.
1	a person doing a jump in a water board.
0	A man kiteboard over the ocean on a board.
1	a man kiteboard over the ocean beside a board.
0	A person midair while wakeboarding in the ocean.
1	a person midair while wakeboarding under the ocean.
0	A parasurfer on an orange board taking flight.
1	a parasurfer over an orange board taking flight.
0	Man in trench coat enjoying food item on skewer in office setting.
1	man in trench coat enjoying food item on skewer over office setting.
0	The man is sitting down at the table eating desert.
1	the man is sitting down over the table eating desert.
0	A man sitting in a chair holding a type of food in his hand.
1	a man sitting upon a chair holding a type of food in his hand.
0	A man eating a food item on a stick next to a black table.
1	a man eating a food item over a stick next to a black table.
0	A man in glasses holding pastries on a stick
1	a man in glasses holding pastries behind a stick
0	Someone is holding a container of garlic mayo near his sandwich.
1	someone is holding a container of garlic mayo upon his sandwich.
0	An open box of pastries in front of a stack of boxes with doughnuts in them.
1	an open box of pastries in front of a stack of boxes with doughnuts under them.
0	Boxes of different pastries on a wooden table.
1	boxes of like pastries on a wooden table.
0	a woman with a surfboard on the beach
1	a woman with a surfboard upon the beach
0	Woman in wetsuit stands on a rocky beach holding a surfboard.
1	woman in wetsuit stands upon a rocky beach holding a surfboard.
0	On a foggy day at the beach a woman is holding a surfboard and some people are walking.
1	in a foggy day at the beach a woman is holding a surfboard and some people are walking.
0	a person holding a surf board standing on a beach
1	a person holding a surf board standing beside a beach
0	A man in a wetsuit is holding a surfboard on a dirt path.
1	a man at a wetsuit is holding a surfboard on a dirt path.
0	Man in a wet suit walking down a wooded path to a surfing beach.
1	man at a wet suit walking down a wooded path to a surfing beach.
0	A boy is walking with a wet suit and carrying his surf board under his arm.
1	a boy is walking on a wet suit and carrying his surf board under his arm.
0	A large white bed in a red room
1	a large white bed beside a red room
0	A neatly made bed in the hotel room.
1	a neatly made bed beside the hotel room.
0	A bed with a brown head board and an orange cover on the bed.
1	a bed with a brown head board and an orange cover in the bed.
0	Laptop computer on long desk with assorted paperwork.
1	laptop computer with long desk with assorted paperwork.
0	In home desk, covered with papers and two computers.
1	upon home desk, covered with papers and two computers.
0	A white desk is covered with papers and has a silver lap top on it.
1	a white desk is covered with papers and has a silver lap top beside it.
0	The desk with a laptop has papers strewn all over it.
1	the desk on a laptop has papers strewn all over it.
1	laptop computer on short desk with assorted paperwork.
0	Two computers and a digital camera are on a desk.
1	two computers and a digital camera are with a desk.
0	a couple of laptops sit next to each other on a desk
1	a couple of laptops sit next to each other beside a desk
0	Several different electronic products that are turned on.
1	several different electronic products that are turned with.
1	two computers and a analog camera are on a desk.
1	several like electronic products that are turned on.
0	The man stands outside of a store holding a piece of food.
1	the man stands towards of a store holding a piece of food.
0	A man holding a piece of food in his hands.
1	a man holding a piece of food over his hands.
0	a man is eating outside of a food store
1	a man is eating inside of a food store
0	A guy with glasses looking at some food that he is holding.
1	a guy with glasses looking upon some food that he is holding.
0	A pizza buffet with several varieties of pizza, located in a kitchen.
1	a pizza buffet with several varieties of pizza, located at a kitchen.
0	The buffet has a lot of different pizzas on it.
1	the buffet has a lot of different pizzas upon it.
0	Many different kinds of pizza on display at a restaurant.
1	many different kinds of pizza over display at a restaurant.
1	the buffet has a lot of like pizzas on it.
1	many like kinds of pizza on display at a restaurant.
0	People paying attention while seated inside of a reception area.
1	people paying attention while seated through of a reception area.
0	Four-five persons sitting in a room looking at something in one direction.
1	four-five persons sitting over a room looking at something in one direction.
0	a group of people sitting on a couch playing a video game
1	a group of people sitting upon a couch playing a video game
0	A wooden bench with cushions beside a built in bookcase.
1	a wooden bench with cushions beside a built over bookcase.
0	A bench in front of a bookshelf, filled with books near a table and window.
1	a bench at front of a bookshelf, filled with books near a table and window.
0	Benches with cushions line a wall of bookshelves in a home library.
1	benches with cushions line a wall of bookshelves beside a home library.
0	A library with wooden shelves, tables and a bench with cushions.
1	a library on wooden shelves, tables and a bench with cushions.
0	A drawing that is on top of a table.
1	a drawing that is over top of a table.
0	A mouse from a computer is sitting on a pad
1	a mouse from a computer is sitting over a pad
0	A hipster holding a computer mouse over their eye while kneeling before a keyboard.
1	a hipster holding a computer mouse upon their eye while kneeling before a keyboard.
0	A man in a black cap is holding a computer mouse up to one of his eyes as he holds a computer keyboard in front of his face.
1	a man in a black cap is holding a computer mouse up to one of his eyes as he holds a computer keyboard under front of his face.
0	A couch and a chair in a small living room.
1	a couch and a chair beside a small living room.
0	Home living room with brown walls with white trim, fireplace, and tan furnishings.
1	home living room with brown walls on white trim, fireplace, and tan furnishings.
0	a living room with a sectional couch, easy chair and glass desk covered in papers
1	a living room on a sectional couch, easy chair and glass desk covered in papers
0	A person wind surfing in a very large body of water.
1	a person wind surfing beside a very large body of water.
0	Someone surfing on the ocean with a sail.
1	someone surfing behind the ocean with a sail.
0	A windsurfer gliding along the water surface way out in the ocean
1	a windsurfer gliding along the water surface way out upon the ocean
0	The rooms in the house are empty of people.
1	the rooms at the house are empty of people.
0	A beautiful Victorian living room as seen through double french doors.
1	a beautiful victorian living room as seen up double french doors.
1	a ugly victorian living room as seen through double french doors.
0	Two people play tennis at night on a tennis court.
1	two people play tennis behind night on a tennis court.
0	Two tennis players compete in a court I a park with trees.
1	two tennis players compete upon a court i a park with trees.
0	Two tennis players enjoying a match at the park.
1	two tennis players enjoying a match behind the park.
0	Two people are playing tennis in a tennis court.
1	two people are playing tennis at a tennis court.
0	A couple of people on a court playing tennis.
1	a couple of people beside a court playing tennis.
0	A man with eyeglasses  working on a laptop computer
1	a man on eyeglasses working on a laptop computer
0	A man sitting on a chair working on a laptop.
1	a man sitting with a chair working on a laptop.
0	there are two lap tops on a table and a cup
1	there are two lap tops over a table and a cup
0	The contents of a bag sitting on top of a bed next to a bag.
1	the contents of a bag sitting with top of a bed next to a bag.
0	A selection of travel supplies are set out on a bed.
1	a selection of travel supplies are set out with a bed.
0	White bag with its contents sitting on top of a bed.
1	white bag with its contents sitting upon top of a bed.
0	A man checks his cell phone in a waiting area.
1	a man checks his cell phone at a waiting area.
0	A man looks at his cell phone in a hallway
1	a man looks at his cell phone beside a hallway
0	A man looks at something that he is holding
1	a man looks upon something that he is holding
0	A middle aged man is looking at his phone.
1	a middle aged man is looking beside his phone.
0	A man with glasses looking at his cell phone.
1	a man with glasses looking across his cell phone.
0	A man posing with a cooked turkey in a pan.
1	a man posing with a cooked turkey under a pan.
0	The man is holding a roasted turkey in the kitchen.
1	the man is holding a roasted turkey at the kitchen.
0	A man, wearing glasses, holds a pan of food with his ovenmits on.
1	a man, wearing glasses, holds a pan of food with his ovenmits over.
0	A large clock  is on the wall where the paint is peeling.
1	a large clock is beside the wall where the paint is peeling.
0	A measuring instrument hanging on the wall of a building who's paint is chipping.
1	a measuring instrument hanging upon the wall of a building who's paint is chipping.
0	A clock hangs on a wall of a neglected building.
1	a clock hangs upon a wall of a neglected building.
0	A boy tries a bicycle in front of a display stand.
1	a boy tries a bicycle over front of a display stand.
0	Two men and two children under a flap, and one of the men is mixing juice in a blender.
1	two men and two children behind a flap, and one of the men is mixing juice in a blender.
0	A kid on a bike and several smiling onlookers under a tent.
1	a kid on a bike and several smiling onlookers near a tent.
0	A smiling young girl stands next to a young boy on a bike.
1	a smiling young girl stands next to a young boy in a bike.
0	two children and two men at an outdoor vendor booth
1	two children and two men at an indoor vendor booth
1	a smiling happy girl stands next to a young boy on a bike.
0	A woman stands in front of stuffed animals at a garage sale while a man bends over to pick something up.
1	a woman stands in front of stuffed animals across a garage sale while a man bends over to pick something up.
0	A woman stands in front of a table at a yard sale.
1	a woman stands in front of a table over a yard sale.
0	A tall building with a clock on the front and side of it
1	a tall building with a clock in the front and side of it
0	An old monumental building with a clock and a statue on its wall.
1	an old monumental building on a clock and a statue on its wall.
0	A tall cathedral style building with a clock on top.
1	a tall cathedral style building with a clock in top.
0	Centuries old tower with a clock and topped with a cross.
1	centuries old tower on a clock and topped with a cross.
0	A single yellow rose in  a small glass vase
1	a single yellow rose at a small glass vase
0	A wooden table holding a glass vase with a yellow flower in it.
1	a wooden table holding a glass vase on a yellow flower in it.
0	The yellow rose is blooming at the height of the season.
1	the yellow rose is blooming behind the height of the season.
0	People celebrating on the water in a boat parade.
1	people celebrating with the water in a boat parade.
0	A large crowd of people gathered at a water event.
1	a large crowd of people gathered upon a water event.
0	A LOT OF PEOLE ARE ON THE RIVER HAVING FUN
1	a lot of peole are with the river having fun
0	Two friends sharing a drink at a party.
1	two friends sharing a drink across a party.
0	A group of bikers riding on the back of motorcycles.
1	a group of bikers riding upon the back of motorcycles.
0	a motorcycle gang riding together going on a journey
1	a motorcycle gang riding together going with a journey
0	An orange and a blue motorcycle with people on them next to each other.
1	an orange and a blue motorcycle with people upon them next to each other.
0	A group of people on motorcycles in a street.
1	a group of people on motorcycles under a street.
0	Heavily loaded green truck with passengers on back in roadway in urban area.
1	heavily loaded green truck with passengers on back in roadway beside urban area.
0	Men and supplies are piled high in the back of a truck.
1	men and supplies are piled high beside the back of a truck.
0	Several people are riding on top of an overloaded truck.
1	several people are riding over top of an overloaded truck.
0	pickup truck with people and possessions in the back
1	pickup truck on people and possessions in the back
0	A green truck with a bunch of junk in the back with people sitting on top.
1	a green truck on a bunch of junk in the back with people sitting on top.
1	lightly loaded green truck with passengers on back in roadway in urban area.
0	Bikes lined up at a bike stop with an advertisement near by that says "your butts"
1	bikes lined up at a bike stop on an advertisement near by that says "your butts"
0	Two bikes are chained to bike racks on a city street
1	two bikes are chained to bike racks with a city street
0	Two bicycles locked into bike parking stands on a sidewalk.
1	two bicycles locked into bike parking stands behind a sidewalk.
0	A pair of bicycles are parked in a designated area.
1	a pair of bicycles are parked beside a designated area.
0	A bathroom with a white tub and white cabinets has a black pattern on the floor.
1	a bathroom with a white tub and white cabinets has a black pattern upon the floor.
0	Deep bathtub displayed in area of large tiled bathroom.
1	deep bathtub displayed at area of large tiled bathroom.
0	A urinal and sink are positioned side by side in a small public bathroom.
1	a urinal and sink are positioned side by side at a small public bathroom.
0	A bathroom sink with soap on it and a urinal beside it.
1	a bathroom sink with soap over it and a urinal beside it.
0	A master bathroom with a round bathtub in the corner.
1	a master bathroom on a round bathtub in the corner.
0	A modern bathroom features a tub, shower, and double sinks.
1	a ancient bathroom features a tub, shower, and double sinks.
0	A cat on a patio looking at a car.
1	a cat with a patio looking at a car.
0	The black cat is sitting on the fence railing above a car.
1	the black cat is sitting over the fence railing above a car.
0	A black cat sits on a wooden porch rail
1	a black cat sits upon a wooden porch rail
0	A black cat is sitting on a ledge looking at a car.
1	a black cat is sitting beside a ledge looking at a car.
0	A cat laying on the pavement in front of a house.
1	a cat laying upon the pavement in front of a house.
0	A cat lays on the concrete and looks underneath an object.
1	a cat lays upon the concrete and looks underneath an object.
0	A cat lying down on the road next to a car.
1	a cat lying down upon the road next to a car.
0	this is an image of a cat under a car.
1	this is an image of a cat across a car.
0	A man with  a green hat, glasses, an Oregon State t-shirt, and blue jeans sits on a closed toilet.
1	a man with a green hat, glasses, an oregon state t-shirt, and blue jeans sits behind a closed toilet.
0	A smiling clothed man sitting on a toilet.
1	a smiling clothed man sitting over a toilet.
0	A man with a hat sitting on a toilet
1	a man with a hat sitting in a toilet
0	a man sitting on a toilet with his pant up
1	a man sitting over a toilet with his pant up
0	A gold clock with ornate iron hands keeps time on a large clock with roman numerals.
1	a gold clock with ornate iron hands keeps time over a large clock with roman numerals.
0	A close up of the clock face of a grandfather clock.
1	a close atop of the clock face of a grandfather clock.
0	a close up of an analog clock with roman numerals
1	a close underneath of an analog clock with roman numerals
0	The clock inside the house has a large face.
1	the clock beneath the house has a large face.
0	Two cats eating from bowls on the floor of a living room
1	two cats eating from bowls behind the floor of a living room
0	Two kitties are eating from their bowls in front of the videos.
1	two kitties are eating from their bowls at front of the videos.
0	A couple of cats on a table eating food.
1	a couple of cats in a table eating food.
0	Two cats are eating out of different bowls.
1	two cats are eating out of like bowls.
0	Two double decker buses are in traffic with people on the sidewalk.
1	two double decker buses are beside traffic with people on the sidewalk.
0	A bus that is riding in the street.
1	a bus that is riding over the street.
0	The city buses are stuck in traffic on the main road.
1	the city buses are stuck beside traffic on the main road.
0	A group of people riding motorcycles on a street.
1	a group of people riding motorcycles over a street.
0	A motorcycle policeman is smiling at the photographer.
1	a motorcycle policeman is smiling over the photographer.
0	A policeman on a motorcycle smiling at someone.
1	a policeman on a motorcycle smiling over someone.
0	A man in a uniform and helmet rides a motorcycle with a shield.
1	a man in a uniform and helmet rides a motorcycle on a shield.
0	a fighter het flying up in the air
1	a fighter het flying up beside the air
0	Fighter Jet with afterburners on flying almost vertically.
1	fighter jet with afterburners in flying almost vertically.
0	A bunch of airplanes are parked on the runway.
1	a bunch of airplanes are parked over the runway.
0	Two airplanes that are sitting on a tarmac.
1	two airplanes that are sitting in a tarmac.
0	An airport filled with jets parked on top of it's tarmacs.
1	an airport filled with jets parked with top of it's tarmacs.
0	A commercial airplane at the gate being serviced
1	a commercial airplane beside the gate being serviced
0	An airplane that is sitting on pavement and boarding passengers.
1	an airplane that is sitting behind pavement and boarding passengers.
0	An airplane flying in a cloudy blue sky.
1	an airplane flying at a cloudy blue sky.
0	A small engine plane flying over in the blue sky.
1	a small engine plane flying over upon the blue sky.
0	an airplane flying overhead in a blue sky
1	an airplane flying overhead at a blue sky
0	The underside white and blue plane in sky.
1	the underside white and blue plane under sky.
0	A white structure in a street next to buildings.
1	a white structure beside a street next to buildings.
0	A white metal structure behind a traffic light
1	a white metal structure in a traffic light
0	Three sheep standing inside a fenced in area.
1	three sheep standing inside a fenced under area.
0	A group of sheep separated in a pen.
1	a group of sheep separated at a pen.
0	Angora sheep in a pen at a livestock show.
1	angora sheep under a pen at a livestock show.
0	A building is near cars under a traffic light.
1	a building is near cars beside a traffic light.
0	a grey colored jet plane flying over a snowy mountain range.
1	a grey colored jet plane flying upon a snowy mountain range.
0	A jet fighter flying through the sky above a snow covered mountain.
1	a jet fighter flying outside the sky above a snow covered mountain.
0	A white dog sitting on top of a white sheep.
1	a white dog sitting behind top of a white sheep.
0	A city street with traffic at a stoplight
1	a city street on traffic at a stoplight
0	A truck passing through the intersection while the other cars wait at the red light.
1	a truck passing through the intersection while the other cars wait beside the red light.
0	A group of cars that are waiting at an intersection.
1	a group of cars that are waiting beside an intersection.
0	a green car is pulled up at a stop light
1	a green car is pulled up beside a stop light
0	A colorful train stopped at a train station.
1	a colorful train stopped behind a train station.
0	A passenger train stopped near a train station.
1	a passenger train stopped across a train station.
0	A large jetliner flying through a cloudy sky.
1	a large jetliner flying up a cloudy sky.
0	A big commercial plane flying in some cloudy skies.
1	a big commercial plane flying at some cloudy skies.
0	An airplane is flying against a partly cloudy sky.
1	an airplane is flying against a altogether cloudy sky.
0	A jet in the air flying in a dark sky.
1	a jet in the air flying under a dark sky.
0	a jet flying up in a cloudy sky
1	a jet flying up beside a cloudy sky
0	A PLANE IS HIGH IN THE SKY ON A VERY CLOUDY DAY
1	a plane is high beside the sky on a very cloudy day
0	A fighter jet plane flying through cloudy skies.
1	a fighter jet plane flying around` cloudy skies.
0	a plane with a really tall tail in the sky
1	a plane with a really tall tail under the sky
0	An airplane flying alone in a cloudy sky.
1	an airplane flying alone at a cloudy sky.
0	A small kitten sitting on a chair next to a small dog.
1	a small kitten sitting upon a chair next to a small dog.
0	A cat witting on a couch touching noses with a dog
1	a cat witting upon a couch touching noses with a dog
0	A double deck tour bus riding through a street.
1	a double deck tour bus riding outside a street.
0	A double decker bus riding on a street on a cloudy day.
1	a double decker bus riding on a street beside a cloudy day.
0	A large bus on a open city street.
1	a large bus in a open city street.
0	A transit bus seen in the distance on an empty street.
1	a transit bus seen in the distance over an empty street.
0	A large and small giraffe standing in a grassy field.
1	a large and small giraffe standing at a grassy field.
0	Two giraffe standing on top of a dirt field.
1	two giraffe standing beside top of a dirt field.
0	A couple of giraffes in a field standing alert.
1	a couple of giraffes under a field standing alert.
0	Two giraffes that are standing by each other in a field.
1	two giraffes that are standing on each other in a field.
0	An adult and a child giraffe standing in the sun.
1	an adult and a child giraffe standing upon the sun.
0	Three double decker busses are parked in front of a building.
1	three double decker busses are parked at front of a building.
0	THREE RED DOUBLE DECKER BUSES SITTING PARTIALLY BEHIND A FENCE
1	three red double decker buses sitting partially below a fence
0	Red busses are parked behind a tall white fence.
1	red busses are parked near a tall white fence.
0	Three red double decker buses behind a gray fence.
1	three red double decker buses near a gray fence.
1	three red double decker buses sitting altogether behind a fence
0	A double decker bus that is parked in front of a big building.
1	a double decker bus that is parked under front of a big building.
0	a double decker bus with a giant iPod advertisement plastered over the entire bus
1	a double decker bus with a giant ipod advertisement plastered on the entire bus
0	A bus with the reflection of a person walking in the window.
1	a bus with the reflection of a person walking upon the window.
0	Passenger image reflected in the window of a parked city bus.
1	passenger image reflected at the window of a parked city bus.
0	A large bus with a person walking in the window reflection.
1	a large bus with a person walking beside the window reflection.
0	Multiple lane road in large city on sunny day.
1	multiple lane road in large city upon sunny day.
0	A crosswalk on a city street with cars and buildings in the background.
1	a crosswalk beside a city street with cars and buildings in the background.
0	A red traffic light and a crosswalk in an industrial city.
1	a red traffic light and a crosswalk at an industrial city.
0	there are many houses and stores on this street
1	there are many houses and stores behind this street
0	A bunch of pedestrians as well as cars are on a busy city street.
1	a bunch of pedestrians as well as cars are over a busy city street.
0	A car stops while people cross in front of it.
1	a car stops while people cross under front of it.
0	Signs, cones and lights on a street ahead of construction equipment on a street.
1	signs, cones and lights on a street ahead of construction equipment behind a street.
0	A STREET WITH VEHICLES PASSING BY A PERSON WALKING AT THE SIDE WAY.
1	a street with vehicles passing by a person walking across the side way.
0	a double Decker bus that is parked on a road
1	a double decker bus that is parked over a road
0	A double Decker bus that is being driven on a road.
1	a double decker bus that is being driven behind a road.
0	A blue and white bus parked in front of a brick house.
1	a blue and white bus parked under front of a brick house.
0	The motorhome is parked outside the red brick house.
1	the motorhome is parked towards the red brick house.
0	A large bus is parked in front of a red building.
1	a large bus is parked upon front of a red building.
0	Men display sheep inside an enclosure as people watch on.
1	men display sheep through an enclosure as people watch on.
0	People at a sheep judging contest looking over the sheep
1	people at a sheep judging contest looking on the sheep
0	A fire hydrant on the side of a road.
1	a fire hydrant with the side of a road.
0	A fire hydrant and a street sign are on the side of a street.
1	a fire hydrant and a street sign are over the side of a street.
0	The signs in the city are written in a foreign language.
1	the signs in the city are written under a foreign language.
0	Several directional signs in Israel with buildings in the background.
1	several directional signs in israel with buildings over the background.
0	A large brick building with a tree in front.
1	a large brick building with a tree at front.
0	A tall red brick building with two towers on it.
1	a tall red brick building with two towers over it.
0	Many difference birds in cages on display in an outdoor market area.
1	many difference birds in cages beside display in an outdoor market area.
0	People looking at many small birds in cages at a market.
1	people looking at many small birds in cages behind a market.
0	A number of birds in cages with people looking at them.
1	a number of birds upon cages with people looking at them.
0	A table with bird cages sitting on top of it.
1	a table with bird cages sitting behind top of it.
1	many difference birds in cages on display in an indoor market area.
0	A sign above a building is visible in the background while there are street signs in the foreground.
1	a sign above a building is visible under the background while there are street signs in the foreground.
0	Street signs shown in front of a Public Market and fish market.
1	street signs shown over front of a public market and fish market.
0	A view of a street sign with many different signs on top of it.
1	a view of a street sign with many different signs beside top of it.
1	a view of a street sign with many like signs on top of it.
0	The street sign is standing on the corner.
1	the street sign is standing upon the corner.
0	A street sign sitting on the corner of a city block.
1	a street sign sitting beside the corner of a city block.
0	A view of a train traveling over a bridge.
1	a view of a train traveling near a bridge.
0	A bridge runs across the water in the city.
1	a bridge runs across the water beside the city.
0	A women in military uniform who is giving a cow a shot.
1	a women over military uniform who is giving a cow a shot.
0	Large sized cow getting an injection from a woman in camo.
1	large sized cow getting an injection from a woman under camo.
0	The street sign is reading Greta Garbo on the side of the pole.
1	the street sign is reading greta garbo in the side of the pole.
0	a street sign that is pointing in different ways
1	a street sign that is pointing under different ways
1	a street sign that is pointing in like ways
0	A man standing outside of a green train.
1	a man standing underneath of a green train.
0	A man in a suit and tie standing next to a train.
1	a man at a suit and tie standing next to a train.
0	Man in business attire and a worker stand on a train station platform.
1	man in business attire and a worker stand behind a train station platform.
0	A smiling man waits safely beside a train.
1	a smiling man waits safely in a train.
0	A couple of people standing near a parked train.
1	a couple of people standing below a parked train.
0	A white and red train traveling over a city.
1	a white and red train traveling at a city.
0	A modern commuter train travels through the city
1	a modern commuter train travels within the city
0	A passenger train that is going over a bridge.
1	a passenger train that is going at a bridge.
0	A Virgin Mobile train driving in the middle of a city.
1	a virgin mobile train driving upon the middle of a city.
0	A red and white train riding through a city on elevated tracks.
1	a red and white train riding around` a city on elevated tracks.
1	a ancient commuter train travels through the city
0	There are construction vehicles are on the forest road.
1	there are construction vehicles are with the forest road.
0	There is some construction going on in the area.
1	there is some construction going on under the area.
0	A truck has a warning sign on it, near construction in the mountains.
1	a truck has a warning sign with it, near construction in the mountains.
0	A truck that is sitting out in the woods.
1	a truck that is sitting out beside the woods.
0	An old truck that is parked and sitting under a tarp.
1	an old truck that is parked and sitting below a tarp.
0	An old green truck with a cover partially on it.
1	an old green truck with a cover altogether on it.
0	A man and a dog are in a yellow kayak.
1	a man and a dog are over a yellow kayak.
0	A man and dog on a sit upon kayak getting off at a dock
1	a man and dog with a sit upon kayak getting off at a dock
0	A man in a canoe with his dog about to get on deck .
1	a man at a canoe with his dog about to get on deck.
0	A man and a dog on a small yellow boat.
1	a man and a dog with a small yellow boat.
0	A heard of bison standing on top of a lush green field.
1	a heard of bison standing with top of a lush green field.
0	A group of buffalo in a grassy field next to trees.
1	a group of buffalo beside a grassy field next to trees.
0	Young buffalo in a herd grazing in a well-used pasture.
1	young buffalo at a herd grazing in a well-used pasture.
1	happy buffalo in a herd grazing in a well-used pasture.
0	A zombee walking down a street covered in blood.
1	a zombee walking down a street covered beside blood.
0	People dressed as zombies in a parking lot.
1	people dressed as zombies upon a parking lot.
0	People dressed in zombie costume are gathered on a paved area.
1	people dressed in zombie costume are gathered with a paved area.
0	Blue water with a boat and two people in the water.
1	blue water with a boat and two people over the water.
0	Two people walking in the ocean away from a boat.
1	two people walking upon the ocean away from a boat.
0	A motor boat in the waters and two persons nearby
1	a motor boat at the waters and two persons nearby
0	A small boat is anchored in the water while the couple explores.
1	a small boat is anchored at the water while the couple explores.
0	Two guys standing in a lake with a boat tied to a pole.
1	two guys standing at a lake with a boat tied to a pole.
0	One woman wits on a chair beneath a blue umbrella t the beach as a guy walks down the shoreline.
1	one woman wits upon a chair beneath a blue umbrella t the beach as a guy walks down the shoreline.
0	A woman sitting under an umbrella and a man walking the beach.
1	a woman sitting beside an umbrella and a man walking the beach.
0	A person sitting on a beach on a lawn chair under an umbrella.
1	a person sitting on a beach over a lawn chair under an umbrella.
0	Person sitting on a chair under an umbrella while another walks by on the beach.
1	person sitting on a chair below an umbrella while another walks by on the beach.
0	A stack of suit cases stacked from largest on bottom to smallest on top.
1	a stack of suit cases stacked from largest behind bottom to smallest on top.
0	Four suitcases stacked up on each other sitting on a table.
1	four suitcases stacked up on each other sitting behind a table.
0	A pile of suitcases site in an unknown location.
1	a pile of suitcases site over an unknown location.
0	A stack of suitcases on brown table next to a wall.
1	a stack of suitcases beside brown table next to a wall.
0	two adult elephants and a baby in a pen with a huge tire
1	two adult elephants and a baby at a pen with a huge tire
0	Two adults and a young elephant are standing near a wooden post.
1	two adults and a happy elephant are standing near a wooden post.
1	two adult elephants and a baby in a pen with a tiny tire
0	A dog that is standing by the water with a horse.
1	a dog that is standing on the water with a horse.
0	A shepherd dog walks through a puddle as a horse grazes in the background.
1	a shepherd dog walks through a puddle as a horse grazes beside the background.
0	A dog is stepping into water near the white horse.
1	a dog is stepping into water in the white horse.
0	Two black dogs fight over a frisbee on the beach while another dog watches.
1	two black dogs fight over a frisbee in the beach while another dog watches.
0	Two black dogs fight over a toy while a third dog looks on.
1	two black dogs fight over a toy while a third dog looks behind.
0	An article is seen here in this extraordinary picture.
1	an article is seen here at this extraordinary picture.
0	A large dog resting in a striped armchair.
1	a large dog resting at a striped armchair.
0	A dog sitting on a chair in a room.
1	a dog sitting on a chair at a room.
0	A group of girls play frisbee outside together
1	a group of girls play frisbee within together
0	a group of people playing frisbee on a grass field.
1	a group of people playing frisbee behind a grass field.
0	A group of people play ultimate Frisbee in a large field.
1	a group of people play ultimate frisbee over a large field.
0	A group of men on grassy field playing a game of frisbee.
1	a group of men over grassy field playing a game of frisbee.
0	Group of guys playing frisbee in the park.
1	group of guys playing frisbee at the park.
0	Several young men playing a game of Frisbee together.
1	several happy men playing a game of frisbee together.
0	some kind of vase with some pictures on it
1	some kind of vase with some pictures with it
0	The picture captures a close up of one side of an old Greek vase.
1	the picture captures a close atop of one side of an old greek vase.
0	A man standing on a snow covered mountain in a heavy jacket.
1	a man standing on a snow covered mountain under a heavy jacket.
0	A man dressed for the snowy mountain looks at the camera.
1	a man dressed for the snowy mountain looks over the camera.
0	A banana sitting on top of a black record.
1	a banana sitting in top of a black record.
0	A record player with a banana on a record
1	a record player on a banana on a record
0	A vinyl record on a record player with a banana on top.
1	a vinyl record over a record player with a banana on top.
0	A ripe banana atop a vinyl phonograph record on a turn table.
1	a ripe banana within a vinyl phonograph record on a turn table.
0	A banana is taking a ride on a turntable.
1	a banana is taking a ride beside a turntable.
0	A person on some skis in the snow.
1	a person behind some skis in the snow.
0	A skier is standing in the snow amongst a crowd of other skiers.
1	a skier is standing beside the snow amongst a crowd of other skiers.
0	The skier is posing near a lot of other skiers.
1	the skier is posing across a lot of other skiers.
0	Woman standing in the middle of a walkway with her personal skis on.
1	woman standing in the middle of a walkway with her personal skis over.
0	A market under a white awning with various foods on display.
1	a market beside a white awning with various foods on display.
0	Bunches of bananas are hung on a chain beneath a pipe.
1	bunches of bananas are hung over a chain beneath a pipe.
0	Six bunches of bananas hang from a chain at a market.
1	six bunches of bananas hang from a chain over a market.
0	Bunches of bananas hanging from a wire in front of a store.
1	bunches of bananas hanging from a wire at front of a store.
0	Bananas hanging outside during the day with other items.
1	bananas hanging inside during the day with other items.
0	A man on skis walking on skis across the grass
1	a man on skis walking on skis upon the grass
0	A man wearing gear on his feet walking in the grass.
1	a man wearing gear beside his feet walking in the grass.
0	Two small containers on a table, one with veggies and one with a main course.
1	two small containers behind a table, one with veggies and one with a main course.
0	a bunch of veggies are in a small black bowl
1	a bunch of veggies are over a small black bowl
0	Vegetables and other types of good are in two black containers.
1	vegetables and other types of good are under two black containers.
0	different slices of banana cut in halve length wise
1	different slices of banana cut upon halve length wise
0	Bananas and other fruit sitting on a towel.
1	bananas and other fruit sitting over a towel.
0	A sliced up pile of bananas sitting on a cloth.
1	a sliced up pile of bananas sitting in a cloth.
0	some slices and pieces of yellow bananas on a towel
1	some slices and pieces of yellow bananas upon a towel
1	like slices of banana cut in halve length wise
0	A row of wine glasses sitting on top of a table.
1	a row of wine glasses sitting beside top of a table.
0	some glasses and silverware and napkins on a table
1	some glasses and silverware and napkins over a table
0	The stemware is lined up all in a row.
1	the stemware is lined up all beside a row.
0	A row of glassware is sitting on top of the table.
1	a row of glassware is sitting behind top of the table.
0	A skateboarder is in a parking lot doing a trick.
1	a skateboarder is over a parking lot doing a trick.
0	A man jumping a skateboard over a hedge in parking lot.
1	a man jumping a skateboard below a hedge in parking lot.
0	A person jumping a curb on a skateboard.
1	a person jumping a curb behind a skateboard.
0	A guy jumping on a skateboard in a parking lot.
1	a guy jumping over a skateboard in a parking lot.
0	A man is performing stunts on a skateboard in a parking lot.
1	a man is performing stunts behind a skateboard in a parking lot.
0	A puffy pie is on a cooler grate on white tiles.
1	a puffy pie is on a cooler grate upon white tiles.
0	A freshly baked cheese dish sitting on a tile counter.
1	a freshly baked cheese dish sitting beside a tile counter.
0	A quiche is displayed on a cooling rack.
1	a quiche is displayed upon a cooling rack.
0	A cheese and vegetable casserole sitting on a rack
1	a cheese and vegetable casserole sitting in a rack
0	A man riding a skateboard on the side of a planter.
1	a man riding a skateboard with the side of a planter.
0	A boy grinding his skateboard over granite planters outside.
1	a boy grinding his skateboard over granite planters underneath.
0	A skateboarder in a red t-shirt stands with his skateboard doing a wheelie.
1	a skateboarder beside a red t-shirt stands with his skateboard doing a wheelie.
0	A dog is sitting on a skateboard.
1	a dog is sitting in a skateboard.
0	A pug dog sitting on a skate board on the floor
1	a pug dog sitting on a skate board over the floor
0	Small sized pug sitting on a skateboard on the side of a room.
1	small sized pug sitting with a skateboard on the side of a room.
0	A small dog sitting on a skateboard in a hall.
1	a small dog sitting on a skateboard under a hall.
0	A dog sitting on top of a skate board that is on the hard wood floor
1	a dog sitting with top of a skate board that is on the hard wood floor
1	a dog sitting on top of a skate board that is on the simple wood floor
0	A boy jumping his skateboard over a tilted iron post.
1	a boy jumping his skateboard at a tilted iron post.
0	A young man riding a skateboard on a patch of grass.
1	a young man riding a skateboard beside a patch of grass.
0	A person is in the air on a skateboard.
1	a person is in the air beside a skateboard.
0	A young skateboarder is performing tricks in a driveway.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard on a patch of grass.
1	a happy skateboarder is performing tricks in a driveway.
0	A person sitting down with their legs stretched in front of them, on a skateboard ramp with a skateboard several feet in front of them.
1	a person sitting down with their legs stretched in front of them, on a skateboard ramp with a skateboard several feet under front of them.
0	Man sitting on bottom of ramp skateboard rolls away.
1	man sitting in bottom of ramp skateboard rolls away.
0	A person sitting on the concrete looking at a skateboard
1	a person sitting over the concrete looking at a skateboard
0	A man is performing tricks on a skateboard ramp.
1	a man is performing tricks beside a skateboard ramp.
0	A skateboarder flies through the air in a skate park.
1	a skateboarder flies through the air upon a skate park.
0	a man is in the air on a skateboard
1	a man is beside the air on a skateboard
0	a man that is on a skateboard that is on a ramp
1	a man that is upon a skateboard that is on a ramp
0	two men in helmets skateboarding down a street
1	two men under helmets skateboarding down a street
0	Two people skateboarding down a road together in the day.
1	two people skateboarding down a road together under the day.
0	A man lying on the ground in a parking spot.
1	a man lying on the ground beside a parking spot.
0	A  person is lying down in a parking space.
1	a person is lying down beside a parking space.
0	A man laying on a painted line holding his knee in a parking lot
1	a man laying on a painted line holding his knee upon a parking lot
0	A smiling young man laying in a parking spot.
1	a smiling happy man laying in a parking spot.
1	a man laying on a unpainted line holding his knee in a parking lot
0	Several people skating down a small incline on skateboards.
1	several people skating down a small incline over skateboards.
0	Three young guys skateboarding at a nearby skate park.
1	three young guys skateboarding over a nearby skate park.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.
1	three happy guys skateboarding at a nearby skate park.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.
0	A woman giving thumbs up in front of a sandwich.
1	a woman giving thumbs up upon front of a sandwich.
0	A woman at a table eating a sandwich
1	a woman over a table eating a sandwich
0	Lady giving thumbs up with a sliced sandwich on a napkin in front of her.
1	lady giving thumbs up with a sliced sandwich on a napkin over front of her.
0	A hot dog on a stick is shown by a campfire.
1	a hot dog over a stick is shown by a campfire.
0	Roasting hotdogs at night over a campfire with wooden sticks.
1	roasting hotdogs at night upon a campfire with wooden sticks.
0	A first person night shot of a person grilling a hot dog with a blurry image of a man in the background.
1	a first person night shot of a person grilling a hot dog with a blurry image of a man under the background.
0	A man flying through the air on a snowboard.
1	a man flying through the air with a snowboard.
0	a boy doing a trick on a snowboard.
1	a boy doing a trick beside a snowboard.
0	A woman standing in behind a tray of donuts.
1	a woman standing beside behind a tray of donuts.
0	Barrista with an exposed bra strap behind a donut display.
1	barrista with an exposed bra strap near a donut display.
0	A metal tray holding donuts under plastic wrapping.
1	a metal tray holding donuts near plastic wrapping.
0	A person with their back toward the camera, behind a counter
1	a person with their back toward the camera, near a counter
0	A person jumping up in the air on a surfboard.
1	a person jumping up in the air over a surfboard.
0	a man on a board performs a trick over some water
1	a man behind a board performs a trick over some water
0	A person that is windsurfing over the water.
1	a person that is windsurfing near the water.
0	A man in the sky para sailing in above an ocean.
1	a man in the sky para sailing upon above an ocean.
0	A person flying through the air on the kite board.
1	a person flying through the air upon the kite board.
0	A pile of delicious veggies and meat on a hoagie bun
1	a pile of delicious veggies and meat over a hoagie bun
0	A sandwich on bread with meat, cheese and onions on it.
1	a sandwich on bread on meat, cheese and onions on it.
0	Someone holding a hotdog in their hand
1	someone holding a hotdog beside their hand
0	sandwhich with everything on it and a coke
1	sandwhich with everything upon it and a coke
0	A sandwich is being eaten and sodas are on the table.
1	a sandwich is being eaten and sodas are behind the table.
0	A pie is sitting on the ground outdoors.
1	a pie is sitting behind the ground outdoors.
0	A pizza with toppings near a clear clock
1	a pizza on toppings near a clear clock
0	The image shows a dessert pie sitting on twigs near a clock.
1	the image shows a dessert pie sitting with twigs near a clock.
0	A montage image shows a round object, and a clock face in a field.
1	a montage image shows a round object, and a clock face over a field.
0	A woman standing on top of a paddle board.
1	a woman standing over top of a paddle board.
0	A woman paddle board in the water near the beach.
1	a woman paddle board at the water near the beach.
0	A woman standing up on top of a paddle boat.
1	a woman standing up beside top of a paddle boat.
0	a woman standing on a canoe and rowing with a paddle
1	a woman standing beside a canoe and rowing with a paddle
0	A woman standing up, paddle boarding in green water, wearing a bikini and a blue shirt around her waist.
1	a woman standing up, paddle boarding beside green water, wearing a bikini and a blue shirt around her waist.
0	Surfer any black wetsuit holding their board in front of the ocean.
1	surfer any black wetsuit holding their board beside front of the ocean.
0	surfer walking towards the ocean with a board and skin suit
1	surfer walking up the ocean with a board and skin suit
0	The person i son the sand with a surfboard in their hands.
1	the person i son the sand with a surfboard over their hands.
0	Family smiling in living room with a party cake.
1	family smiling in living room on a party cake.
0	People are standing at a table with a cake on it.
1	people are standing behind a table with a cake on it.
0	A group of people standing in front of a birthday cake.
1	a group of people standing over front of a birthday cake.
0	Four people a standing behind a birthday cake.
1	four people a standing across a birthday cake.
0	Four people standing and looking at a cake with a lit candle on top.
1	four people standing and looking at a cake with a lit candle behind top.
0	Four people standing around a cake with a candle in it.
1	four people standing around a cake on a candle in it.
0	A surfer stands out in the shallow ocean waters.
1	a surfer stands out beside the shallow ocean waters.
0	A person standing on a beach near the ocean.
1	a person standing behind a beach near the ocean.
0	a surfer carrying their board and a person sitting in the sand
1	a surfer carrying their board and a person sitting upon the sand
0	two females in soccer uniforms kicking a soccer ball in a field
1	two females under soccer uniforms kicking a soccer ball in a field
0	Two girls who are standing in the grass with a soccer ball.
1	two girls who are standing upon the grass with a soccer ball.
0	Milkshake in tall glass and piece of cake on plate near forks.
1	milkshake in tall glass and piece of cake in plate near forks.
0	A dog is looking at a pink, flowered, multiple layered cake.
1	a dog is looking across a pink, flowered, multiple layered cake.
0	A bride and groom cut the cake on their wedding day.
1	a bride and groom cut the cake upon their wedding day.
0	A bed sitting in a room with a white covering.
1	a bed sitting in a room on a white covering.
0	A canopied bed is under a striped roof.
1	a canopied bed is behind a striped roof.
0	A black crib is in a room with colorful carpets and walls.
1	a black crib is beside a room with colorful carpets and walls.
0	Two surfers in full suits stand on the beach.
1	two surfers in full suits stand beside the beach.
0	Two people in body suits with surfboards by water
1	two people in body suits with surfboards on water
0	Surfers in wetsuits stand on the beach in front of waves.
1	surfers upon wetsuits stand on the beach in front of waves.
0	A woman holding a plate of cake covered in frosting.
1	a woman holding a plate of cake covered over frosting.
0	A close up of a person holding a piece of cake.
1	a close atop of a person holding a piece of cake.
0	A blurry woman is holding a tennis racquet in the air
1	a blurry woman is holding a tennis racquet upon the air
0	A woman running across a tennis court in a shirt skirt.
1	a woman running beside a tennis court in a shirt skirt.
0	a tennis player with a racket on a court
1	a tennis player with a racket over a court
0	A woman sitting at a desk using a laptop.
1	a woman sitting over a desk using a laptop.
0	A women leans over her desk towards a laptop.
1	a women leans on her desk towards a laptop.
0	A woman is staring at a laptop computer.
1	a woman is staring across a laptop computer.
0	a woman in a black dress is looking at a laptop
1	a woman beside a black dress is looking at a laptop
0	A young woman studies her laptop amongst the feminine knick knacks on her desk.
1	a happy woman studies her laptop amongst the feminine knick knacks on her desk.
0	A vase full of white flowers sitting on a wooden table.
1	a vase full of white flowers sitting behind a wooden table.
0	The table has a flower arrangement in an ornate vase.
1	the table has a flower arrangement under an ornate vase.
0	a glass vase with some flowers inside of it
1	a glass vase on some flowers inside of it
0	A bouquet of flowers on a marble table in the lobby of a business location with an escalator in the background.
1	a bouquet of flowers on a marble table in the lobby of a business location with an escalator beside the background.
0	A vase sitting on top of a table with flowers in it.
1	a vase sitting on top of a table with flowers at it.
0	a couple of people that are holding pizza in hand
1	a couple of people that are holding pizza upon hand
0	A young boy brushing his teeth in the bathroom
1	a young boy brushing his teeth under the bathroom
0	A young boy is brushing his teeth with a green toothbrush.
0	A young child brushing their teeth with a green toothbrush.
1	a happy boy is brushing his teeth with a green toothbrush.
1	a happy boy brushing his teeth in the bathroom
1	a happy child brushing their teeth with a green toothbrush.
0	a curved desk with  keyboard and monitor on it
1	a curved desk with keyboard and monitor over it
0	A monitor and keyboard is sitting on a table, with the computer processor behind it.
1	a monitor and keyboard is sitting beside a table, with the computer processor behind it.
0	a kite flying in the sky over a beach
1	a kite flying in the sky near a beach
0	A kite blows in the wind above a large sandy beach.
1	a kite blows beside the wind above a large sandy beach.
0	a person playing with a kite on the beach
1	a person playing with a kite over the beach
0	A kite in the sky above the sand.
1	a kite at the sky above the sand.
0	A very tall brick clock tower surrounded by clocks on each of it's sides.
1	a very tall brick clock tower surrounded by clocks behind each of it's sides.
0	A very large tower like structure with two clocks on it.
1	a very large tower like structure on two clocks on it.
0	A kite flies high in the air near some docks.
1	a kite flies high under the air near some docks.
0	Two young people are flying kites over a park near water.
1	two young people are flying kites below a park near water.
0	A kite is flying through the sky over a lake.
1	a kite is flying up the sky over a lake.
0	People are flying kites in a park by the water.
1	people are flying kites in a park on the water.
0	Some people are flying kites on a sunny day.
1	some people are flying kites upon a sunny day.
1	two happy people are flying kites over a park near water.
0	A large teddy bear model is placed outside a door.
1	a large teddy bear model is placed underneath a door.
0	A small stuffed bear on the front of a porch.
1	a small stuffed bear upon the front of a porch.
0	A huge stuffed fake bear by a door way.
1	a tiny stuffed fake bear by a door way.
0	A batter is swinging at a ball while a catcher squats behind him.
1	a batter is swinging at a ball while a catcher squats beside him.
0	Two baseball players in blue and white hold bats while a catcher in purple holds out his mitt.
1	two baseball players in blue and white hold bats while a catcher at purple holds out his mitt.
0	A laptop and keyboard sitting on a cluttered desk.
1	a laptop and keyboard sitting upon a cluttered desk.
0	A computer at a work-desk covered in paper.
1	a computer at a work-desk covered at paper.
0	A brown stuffed bear is sitting in a Postal Service box.
1	a brown stuffed bear is sitting upon a postal service box.
0	Bear stuffed in top of priority mail box
1	bear stuffed upon top of priority mail box
0	A brown teddy bear is sitting on a table, holding a camera.
1	a brown teddy bear is sitting upon a table, holding a camera.
0	Stuffed toy bears on display on shelf in large room.
1	stuffed toy bears over display on shelf in large room.
0	A group of stuffed animals sitting on top of a table.
1	a group of stuffed animals sitting in top of a table.
0	Bright orange flowers in a jar partially filled with water.
1	bright orange flowers over a jar partially filled with water.
0	Two orange flowers sitting in a glass of water.
1	two orange flowers sitting under a glass of water.
0	Orange and yellow flowers sitting inside a glass vase.
1	orange and yellow flowers sitting through a glass vase.
0	Two flowers are placed in a vase with water.
1	two flowers are placed under a vase with water.
0	an image of two  sunflowers in a glass
1	an image of two sunflowers at a glass
1	bright orange flowers in a jar altogether filled with water.
0	Two young girls at a table using a laptop
1	two young girls over a table using a laptop
0	Kids are sitting on chairs at desks on laptop computers.
1	kids are sitting on chairs across desks on laptop computers.
0	Several children smiling and sitting while playing on computers.
1	several children smiling and sitting while playing in computers.
0	Children are sitting at the wooden table together
1	children are sitting behind the wooden table together
1	two happy girls at a table using a laptop
0	a table with a laptop and asoorted wires on it
1	a table on a laptop and asoorted wires on it
0	A router, coffee mug and side of a laptop with things plugged in
1	a router, coffee mug and side of a laptop with things plugged upon
0	A closeup of various cords and hard drives plugged into the side of a laptop.
1	a closeup of various cords and simple drives plugged into the side of a laptop.
0	A woman is walking by a sing with her cellphone.
1	a woman is walking by a sing on her cellphone.
0	A women who is walking while on her cell phone.
1	a women who is walking while beside her cell phone.
0	a woman walking past a sign while talking on a cell phone
1	a woman walking past a sign while talking in a cell phone
0	A woman and man walking on the street while the woman talks on her cell phone.
1	a woman and man walking beside the street while the woman talks on her cell phone.
0	A woman wearing a witches hat and a talking on a cell phone.
1	a woman wearing a witches hat and a talking upon a cell phone.
0	A woman in  a hat using a cell phone
1	a woman at a hat using a cell phone
0	A woman in a costume is on the cell phone.
1	a woman at a costume is on the cell phone.
0	A woman is screaming on her cell phone.
1	a woman is screaming behind her cell phone.
0	A man is standing at an open refrigerator door.
1	a man is standing behind an open refrigerator door.
0	A man standing in front of a shelf filled with supplies.
1	a man standing at front of a shelf filled with supplies.
0	The clock tower is in the center of the building.
1	the clock tower is beside the center of the building.
0	A brick building with many windows and a clock tower in the middle of the building.
1	a brick building on many windows and a clock tower in the middle of the building.
0	A clock tower in the middle of a large city.
1	a clock tower upon the middle of a large city.
0	a huge building with a four sided clock
1	a tiny building with a four sided clock
0	A kitchen with several appliances sitting near a refrigerator.
1	a kitchen with several appliances sitting across a refrigerator.
0	A kitchen with drawers, refrigerator, cabinets and a stove in it.
1	a kitchen with drawers, refrigerator, cabinets and a stove over it.
0	a stove refrigerator and microwave in the kitchen
1	a stove refrigerator and microwave at the kitchen
0	A KITCHEN WITH A MICROWAVE A MIXER ON THE TABLE
1	a kitchen with a microwave a mixer behind the table
0	A counter top with a different appliances on it.
1	a counter top with a like appliances on it.
0	Clouds loom over the city skyline with a clocktower in the front.
1	clouds loom over the city skyline with a clocktower over the front.
0	in this photo you can see many buildings and a tall tower with a clock
1	under this photo you can see many buildings and a tall tower with a clock
0	A roof top view of a city under cloudy skies.
1	a roof top view of a city near cloudy skies.
0	A large clock tower on top of a church next to a road.
1	a large clock tower behind top of a church next to a road.
0	a kitchen with a brown dining table set and a potted plant on the counter
1	a kitchen with a brown dining table set and a potted plant over the counter
0	A woman gathers the trash in her kitchen.
1	a woman gathers the trash over her kitchen.
0	A woman works in a kitchen with wood cupboards.
1	a woman works upon a kitchen with wood cupboards.
0	A woman standing in a kitchen getting putting trash into a bag.
1	a woman standing under a kitchen getting putting trash into a bag.
0	A woman standing in a kitchen in an apartment.
1	a woman standing in a kitchen upon an apartment.
0	A bicycle parked on top of a baby dolls head.
1	a bicycle parked behind top of a baby dolls head.
0	two men standing next to a bike parked on a street corner
1	two men standing next to a bike parked beside a street corner
0	A young girl washing her hands at a sink while someone watches.
1	a young girl washing her hands behind a sink while someone watches.
0	A little girl in a red dress with a red flower in her hair standing at a sink.
1	a little girl in a red dress with a red flower upon her hair standing at a sink.
0	a man takes a picture of a little girl standing in front of a mirror
1	a man takes a picture of a little girl standing under front of a mirror
1	a happy girl washing her hands at a sink while someone watches.
0	A bathroom view with a toilet and picture frames inside a tub.
1	a bathroom view with a toilet and picture frames beneath a tub.
0	Someone put their art collection in their bath tub.
1	someone put their art collection at their bath tub.
0	A person on a motorcycle in the dirt doing tricks.
1	a person behind a motorcycle in the dirt doing tricks.
0	A boy on a motocross motorcycle flying through the air.
1	a boy on a motocross motorcycle flying outside the air.
0	Kid jumps a hill while riding on dirt bike
1	kid jumps a hill while riding behind dirt bike
0	A professional photograph of a motorcycle rider in the air.
1	a professional photograph of a motorcycle rider at the air.
0	A boy is jumping in the air on his dirt bike.
1	a boy is jumping in the air in his dirt bike.
0	A motorcycle sitting on display on a driveway.
1	a motorcycle sitting on display beside a driveway.
0	Parked motorcycle sitting in a driveway on a sunny day.
1	parked motorcycle sitting over a driveway on a sunny day.
0	A silver Sport Tourer BMW motorcycle on a sidewalk.
1	a silver sport tourer bmw motorcycle beside a sidewalk.
0	A couple of people on some motor bikes on the road.
1	a couple of people on some motor bikes behind the road.
0	there are two police men riding motorcycles on the street
1	there are two police men riding motorcycles in the street
0	Two officers riding on motorcycles with other motorists.
1	two officers riding over motorcycles with other motorists.
0	A plane in the middle of the air, on a clear day.
1	a plane under the middle of the air, on a clear day.
0	Three traffic lights with a house in the background.
1	three traffic lights with a house over the background.
0	A traffic like across the street from a large red house.
1	a traffic like over the street from a large red house.
0	a street light on a metal pole above a street and before a red house.
1	a street light behind a metal pole above a street and before a red house.
0	A house on a country road with a red stop train sign
1	a house upon a country road with a red stop train sign
0	A lighted intersection with a home on the corner.
1	a lighted intersection with a home upon the corner.
0	A traffic light with a building in the background.
1	a traffic light with a building beside the background.
0	A light up walk sign on a city street.
1	a light up walk sign beside a city street.
0	This traffic light is located near a large church.
1	this traffic light is located over a large church.
0	A building with spires stands in the background near a traffic light showing digital man with his hands on his hips.
1	a building with spires stands in the background upon a traffic light showing digital man with his hands on his hips.
0	a close up of a traffic light with a building in the background
1	a close up of a traffic light with a building under the background
1	a building with spires stands in the background near a traffic light showing analog man with his hands on his hips.
0	The orange peal is on the wooden bench
1	the orange peal is over the wooden bench
0	an orange peel sits on a wooden bench
1	an orange peel sits with a wooden bench
0	an orange slice is sitting on a wood table
1	an orange slice is sitting with a wood table
0	A freshly eaten orange slice sits on an old wooden table.
1	a freshly eaten orange slice sits over an old wooden table.
0	A man admiring a dog on a bench made of books.
1	a man admiring a dog with a bench made of books.
0	A girl with a dog walking by a shop where people are seated outside.
1	a girl on a dog walking by a shop where people are seated outside.
0	A woman with a dog talking to two people sitting on a bench.
1	a woman with a dog talking to two people sitting with a bench.
0	Two black cows behind a gate near a red fire hydrant.
1	two black cows behind a gate below a red fire hydrant.
0	Two cows are looking through a fence by a red fire hydrant.
1	two cows are looking outside a fence by a red fire hydrant.
0	Two cows behind a fence with a red fire hydrant in front of the fence.
1	two cows behind a fence with a red fire hydrant over front of the fence.
0	Two cows stand close to a fence near a fire hydrant.
1	two cows stand close to a fence upon a fire hydrant.
0	two cows behind a fence near a fire hydrant
1	two cows behind a fence in a fire hydrant
0	Red Double Decker commuter bus at curbside of bus stop.
1	red double decker commuter bus over curbside of bus stop.
0	Two birds perched on top of a light pole.
1	two birds perched with top of a light pole.
0	Two seagulls are sitting on a street light ballast.
1	two seagulls are sitting over a street light ballast.
0	a bird walking on the beach in front of the surf
1	a bird walking in the beach in front of the surf
0	A lone shorebird standing on the beach as a wave rolls in.
1	a lone shorebird standing in the beach as a wave rolls in.
0	a bird walking on the beach with the water right behind him
1	a bird walking on the beach with the water right beside him
0	A bird walking on the shore of the beach
1	a bird walking behind the shore of the beach
0	White bird flying over rocks any big body of water.
1	white bird flying below rocks any big body of water.
0	Large bird in flight over water and rocky river bank.
1	large bird over flight over water and rocky river bank.
0	Checking out her messages shows in the mirror.
1	checking out her messages shows at the mirror.
0	A hipster emo taking a selfie in front of a mirror.
1	a hipster emo taking a selfie under front of a mirror.
0	A woman with a camera in a mirror.
1	a woman with a camera at a mirror.
0	A street and the buildings on it and some construction.
1	a street and the buildings upon it and some construction.
0	Various street signs in different locations in a city.
1	various street signs at different locations in a city.
1	various street signs in like locations in a city.
0	A white bird walking across part of the beach.
1	a white bird walking beside part of the beach.
0	The white bird waits on the side of the water.
1	the white bird waits beside the side of the water.
0	A streetlight is lit at night in front of a city building.
1	a streetlight is lit over night in front of a city building.
0	A light pole sits in the corner with some street signs on it.
1	a light pole sits in the corner with some street signs over it.
0	The birds are standing on the grass and dirt.
1	the birds are standing upon the grass and dirt.
0	A flock of birds standing on top of a lush green field.
1	a flock of birds standing with top of a lush green field.
0	Birds with long orange beaks and black and white feathers in a park.
1	birds with long orange beaks and black and white feathers under a park.
1	birds with short orange beaks and black and white feathers in a park.
0	A green street sign sitting on top of a pole.
1	a green street sign sitting in top of a pole.
0	An intersection with two street signs near a palm tree.
1	an intersection with two street signs across a palm tree.
0	Street sign at the corner of Ho'ohu and Pe'e roads on Kauai
1	street sign at the corner of ho'ohu and pe'e roads with kauai
0	Two street signs are sitting under power lines and a palm tree.
1	two street signs are sitting behind power lines and a palm tree.
0	A street sign with a palm tree and blue skies behind it.
1	a street sign with a palm tree and blue skies across it.
0	A stop sign on a beach with everyone in the water
1	a stop sign on a beach with everyone over the water
0	A beach crowded with people playing in the ocean.
1	a beach crowded with people playing at the ocean.
0	A stop sign by a body of water with people in it.
1	a stop sign by a body of water with people beside it.
0	A stop sign and the ocean with people in the water.
1	a stop sign and the ocean on people in the water.
0	A stop sign in front of a beach in which a group of people in the water.
1	a stop sign under front of a beach in which a group of people in the water.
0	A man walking a dalmatian on a red leash.
1	a man walking a dalmatian behind a red leash.
0	The man has a red leash on his Dalmatian dog.
1	the man has a red leash in his dalmatian dog.
0	A man walking a dalmatian on leash in front of a firetruck.
1	a man walking a dalmatian on leash at front of a firetruck.
0	a couple of red fire trucks on a street
1	a couple of red fire trucks over a street
0	A man standing in the middle of the room, with clutter all around.
1	a man standing upon the middle of the room, with clutter all around.
0	A man standing in a bedroom with clothes strewn about.
1	a man standing upon a bedroom with clothes strewn about.
0	The man is standing in the messy room.
1	the man is standing upon the messy room.
0	A man is standing in a cluttered room.
1	a man is standing beside a cluttered room.
0	A brown cow walking through a tree filled forest.
1	a brown cow walking up a tree filled forest.
0	A red and tan cow standing in high grass under several trees.
1	a red and tan cow standing beside high grass under several trees.
0	Four people in a yellow row boat with green oars.
1	four people under a yellow row boat with green oars.
0	A group of girls on a yellow rowboat.
1	a group of girls in a yellow rowboat.
0	Four young girls get wet on a canoe trip.
1	four happy girls get wet on a canoe trip.
0	A woman holding an umbrella and standing near a grassy area.
1	a woman holding an umbrella and standing upon a grassy area.
0	a woman in a white jacket is holding an orange umbrella
1	a woman at a white jacket is holding an orange umbrella
0	A smiling woman holds an umbrella in the rain.
1	a smiling woman holds an umbrella over the rain.
0	a man in a tie stands next to a sink
1	a man at a tie stands next to a sink
0	The man in the red neck tie has a beard.
1	the man over the red neck tie has a beard.
0	a man in a suit standing next to a kitchen sink
1	a man at a suit standing next to a kitchen sink
0	a man in a purple shirt and a tie
1	a man at a purple shirt and a tie
0	A young man in a striped purple dress shirt and black vest.
1	a happy man in a striped purple dress shirt and black vest.
0	Several boats of different size in the water.
1	several boats of different size upon the water.
0	Boats sitting in the water in the middle of the ocean.
1	boats sitting under the water in the middle of the ocean.
0	Group of boats moored in shallow water near ocean.
1	group of boats moored in shallow water upon ocean.
1	several boats of like size in the water.
0	i man wearing black stands near 3 bags of luggage
1	i man wearing black stands below 3 bags of luggage
0	A man standing with a bunch of various luggage by a storage shed.
1	a man standing on a bunch of various luggage by a storage shed.
0	A person with two sets of luggage standing in a boarding zone.
1	a person with two sets of luggage standing at a boarding zone.
0	a a person leaning on a building near some bags of luggage
1	a a person leaning with a building near some bags of luggage
0	A group of elephants walking in the grass near a tree.
1	a group of elephants walking under the grass near a tree.
0	Two women crossing on a crosswalk holding umbrellas in the sun
1	two women crossing in a crosswalk holding umbrellas in the sun
0	Five pieces of luggage stacked on top of each other.
1	five pieces of luggage stacked beside top of each other.
0	four pieces of luggage stacke on top of one another
1	four pieces of luggage stacke beside top of one another
0	four different suitcases red blue brown and black colors
1	four like suitcases red blue brown and black colors
0	a bunch of cement blocks stacked side by side in front of umbrellas
1	a bunch of cement blocks stacked side by side beside front of umbrellas
0	Several blue umbrellas on the ground on a sidewalk
1	several blue umbrellas in the ground on a sidewalk
0	The man is pushing a cart with his suitcases on it.
1	the man is pushing a cart with his suitcases beside it.
0	A man in a red sweater stands near a luggage rack in a doorway.
1	a man under a red sweater stands near a luggage rack in a doorway.
0	An old man in a red jacket with a hotel luggage rack in a hotel entry way
1	an old man upon a red jacket with a hotel luggage rack in a hotel entry way
0	Brown bear sitting in upright position in grassy field.
1	brown bear sitting upon upright position in grassy field.
0	a little bear lays down in a grassy patch
1	a little bear lays down over a grassy patch
0	A bear sitting down in long green grass
1	a bear sitting down under long green grass
0	A small brown bear rolling in the grass
1	a small brown bear rolling at the grass
1	a bear sitting down in short green grass
0	A group of people standing together on a field smiling.
1	a group of people standing together beside a field smiling.
0	A group of men standing next to each other on a green court.
1	a group of men standing next to each other in a green court.
0	A Frisbee team on a field being happy.
1	a frisbee team behind a field being happy.
1	a frisbee team on a field being angry.
0	A brown dog in the middle of books on a table.
1	a brown dog under the middle of books on a table.
0	Various types of animals standing in a fenced in area.
1	various types of animals standing in a fenced under area.
0	a couple of zebras are off in a field
1	a couple of zebras are off under a field
0	The zebras are in the fence with other animals.
1	the zebras are under the fence with other animals.
0	Two people are horseback riding single-file on a trail through a barren desert landscape.
1	two people are horseback riding single-file with a trail through a barren desert landscape.
0	A young girl with a painted face is on a horse.
1	a young girl with a painted face is behind a horse.
0	A girl with painted face riding on a brown horse.
0	A small young girl is riding a horse beside a tree.
1	a girl with unpainted face riding on a brown horse.
1	a happy girl with a painted face is on a horse.
1	a small happy girl is riding a horse beside a tree.
0	A group of people who are sitting on horses.
1	a group of people who are sitting upon horses.
0	a group of men ride on some horses
1	a group of men ride beside some horses
0	a group of men in red coats ride horses down a street
1	a group of men at red coats ride horses down a street
0	A table with four computers on top, three of which are laptops
1	a table with four computers over top, three of which are laptops
0	Four computers sitting on desks in an office.
1	four computers sitting on desks over an office.
0	Pears and bananas are in a wooden bowl.
1	pears and bananas are beside a wooden bowl.
0	Some bananas and pears are in the basket
1	some bananas and pears are at the basket
0	a basket of bananas and some apples on a table
1	a basket of bananas and some apples beside a table
0	A basket fill with different types of fruit.
1	a basket fill with like types of fruit.
0	A man and dog that is sitting in a ski lift.
1	a man and dog that is sitting over a ski lift.
0	A man and a dog ride on a ski lift while it is snowing.
1	a man and a dog ride beside a ski lift while it is snowing.
0	A person riding a ski lift over orange traffic cones.
1	a person riding a ski lift on orange traffic cones.
0	Several people on snow skis going down a hill.
1	several people in snow skis going down a hill.
0	A man that is on ski's in the snow.
1	a man that is on ski's at the snow.
0	Adult carrying a child in full gear, including skiis at the bottom of a ski slope.
1	adult carrying a child under full gear, including skiis at the bottom of a ski slope.
0	An adult skier carries a child skier under their arm on the slopes
1	an adult skier carries a child skier across their arm on the slopes
0	A women who is carrying a young girl wearing snow skis.
0	The young children are getting ready to ski down the hill.
1	a women who is carrying a happy girl wearing snow skis.
1	the happy children are getting ready to ski down the hill.
0	A woman on skis standing on a slope.
1	a woman in skis standing on a slope.
0	The woman is getting ready to ski in the snow.
1	the woman is getting ready to ski under the snow.
0	a woman on skis smiles while standing in the snow
1	a woman beside skis smiles while standing in the snow
0	A young girl on a pair of snow skis.
1	a young girl behind a pair of snow skis.
0	a small child standing on a snow covered bank wearing skis.
1	a small child standing over a snow covered bank wearing skis.
0	A child on skis standing on a ski slope.
1	a child in skis standing on a ski slope.
0	The young child is learning how to ski.
0	A young person wearing winter attire on skies.
1	the happy child is learning how to ski.
1	a happy girl on a pair of snow skis.
1	a happy person wearing winter attire on skies.
0	A water skier performing a trick while flying through the air.
1	a water skier performing a trick while flying around` the air.
0	a person flying backwards on skis over water
1	a person flying backwards beside skis over water
0	A person doing a trick on water ski's while another passes underneath them.
1	a person doing a trick with water ski's while another passes underneath them.
0	A plate of freshly made vegetables served on a plate.
1	a plate of freshly made vegetables served beside a plate.
0	A salad made with yellow pepper strips and green sprouts sits on a square white plate.
1	a salad made with yellow pepper strips and green sprouts sits behind a square white plate.
0	A skateboarder opens his arms while traveling on a road.
1	a skateboarder opens his arms while traveling over a road.
0	A man in white shirt riding a skateboard down a hill.
1	a man at white shirt riding a skateboard down a hill.
0	A breakfast with a cup of coffee on the table.
1	a breakfast on a cup of coffee on the table.
0	some different foods are lon a plate next to a mug
1	some like foods are lon a plate next to a mug
0	A man riding a snowboard over a snow covered slope.
1	a man riding a snowboard below a snow covered slope.
0	There are snowboarders and skiers on a slope
1	there are snowboarders and skiers behind a slope
0	Skiers and snowboarders on a snowy slope near a ski lift.
1	skiers and snowboarders in a snowy slope near a ski lift.
0	a person riding a snow board on a snowy slope
1	a person riding a snow board in a snowy slope
0	a man in a red jacket going down the hill on a snowboard
1	a man in a red jacket going down the hill beside a snowboard
0	A close up of a grill loaded with burgers and hot dogs.
1	a close within of a grill loaded with burgers and hot dogs.
0	Hamburgers and hot dogs are on the grill outside.
1	hamburgers and hot dogs are in the grill outside.
0	A few donuts with icing on a wire rack.
1	a few donuts with icing over a wire rack.
0	a group of glazed donuts drying on a metal rack
1	a group of glazed donuts drying beside a metal rack
0	Three men stand in a row with their surfboards
1	three men stand in a row on their surfboards
0	Three men are standing on the beach with surf boards.
1	three men are standing on the beach on surf boards.
0	Three men standing in bathing suits holding surf boards
1	three men standing under bathing suits holding surf boards
0	Three men in bathing suits, standing on the beach holding surfboards.
1	three men in bathing suits, standing beside the beach holding surfboards.
0	A sandwich and a drink with a pair of glasses on the table.
1	a sandwich and a drink with a pair of glasses behind the table.
0	A couple of little girls sitting at a table with a cake.
1	a couple of little girls sitting across a table with a cake.
0	The little girls are at the table decorating the cake.
1	the little girls are beside the table decorating the cake.
0	Daughters frosting a cake in their dining room while Moms get water
1	daughters frosting a cake at their dining room while moms get water
0	A person that is holding  a surfboard in their hands.
1	a person that is holding a surfboard over their hands.
0	A surfer walks along the shore with board in tow.
1	a surfer walks along the shore on board in tow.
0	A man in a full body wetsuit carrying a surfboard under his arm and walking carefoot on the beach.
1	a man in a full body wetsuit carrying a surfboard under his arm and walking carefoot behind the beach.
0	A white plate with a cut in half sandwich on top of it.
1	a white plate with a cut in half sandwich over top of it.
0	Lunch, toasted bread sandwich on white plate, dim lighting.
1	lunch, toasted bread sandwich beside white plate, dim lighting.
0	There is a sandwich with coleslaw on this plate
1	there is a sandwich with coleslaw with this plate
0	a young boy riding a boogie board in the water
1	a young boy riding a boogie board at the water
0	A boy riding surf board in the ocean.
1	a boy riding surf board over the ocean.
0	A young boy is riding a surfboard on a small wave.
0	A young boy is surfing in the ocean.
1	a happy boy riding a boogie board in the water
1	a happy boy is riding a surfboard on a small wave.
1	a happy boy is surfing in the ocean.
0	A women who is on a surfboard riding a wave.
1	a women who is with a surfboard riding a wave.
0	A surfer contorts on her board near a pier
1	a surfer contorts on her board upon a pier
0	A person is surfboarding on a wave in the ocean.
1	a person is surfboarding with a wave in the ocean.
0	Surfers catch waves in the ocean near a pier.
1	surfers catch waves at the ocean near a pier.
0	A person wearing a wetsuit riding a wave in the ocean
1	a person wearing a wetsuit riding a wave over the ocean
0	Boy on surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
1	boy beside surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
0	A surfer struggles to stay on a board in an almost vertical position.
1	a surfer struggles to stay in a board in an almost vertical position.
0	girl out in the water riding a wave on a surfboard
1	girl out over the water riding a wave on a surfboard
0	A surfer tilts her board straight up at the top of a wave
1	a surfer tilts her board straight up across the top of a wave
1	a surfer struggles to stay on a board in an almost horizontal position.
0	A married couple in a spotlight with a wedding cake.
1	a married couple upon a spotlight with a wedding cake.
0	Three men are standing on a beach in front of their surfboards.
1	three men are standing upon a beach in front of their surfboards.
0	Three men standing by surf boards on a beach.
1	three men standing by surf boards over a beach.
0	Three men are standing with surfboards in the sand.
1	three men are standing on surfboards in the sand.
0	A group of three men standing in front of surfboards.
1	a group of three men standing under front of surfboards.
0	Two birthday decorated birthday cakes sitting on a table.
1	two birthday decorated birthday cakes sitting upon a table.
0	A table that has two different birthday cakes on it.
1	a table that has two different birthday cakes upon it.
0	A table with two birthday cakes with different decorations.
1	a table with two birthday cakes on different decorations.
1	a table that has two like birthday cakes on it.
1	a table with two birthday cakes with like decorations.
0	Three surfers talking to each other in the ocean
1	three surfers talking to each other beside the ocean
0	People laying on surf boards in the ocean.
1	people laying on surf boards over the ocean.
0	The three friends are on their surfboards talking.
1	the three friends are beside their surfboards talking.
0	Some people with surf boards near each other in the water.
1	some people with surf boards below each other in the water.
0	A bedroom with a bed and small table near by.
1	a bedroom with a bed and small table upon by.
0	A simple modern bedroom sheets on the bed
1	a simple modern bedroom sheets in the bed
0	A bed room that has a table, chairs, and bed in it.
1	a bed room that has a table, chairs, and bed over it.
1	a hard modern bedroom sheets on the bed
0	Young children in a bed surrounded by toys
1	young children upon a bed surrounded by toys
0	Two kids are on the bed with some pillows and a blanket.
1	two kids are with the bed with some pillows and a blanket.
1	happy children in a bed surrounded by toys
0	A girl with racket on a tennis court.
1	a girl with racket upon a tennis court.
0	A little girl is at a tennis court holding her racket.
1	a little girl is beside a tennis court holding her racket.
0	a small girl in a white shirt  is playing tennis
1	a small girl beside a white shirt is playing tennis
0	a clock hanging on a wall above some chairs
1	a clock hanging over a wall above some chairs
0	The back row of black chairs in a waiting area are against a bright red wall with a clock on it.
1	the back row of black chairs in a waiting area are against a bright red wall with a clock over it.
0	A pizza in a pizza box in front of a table full of food.
1	a pizza in a pizza box over front of a table full of food.
0	A pizza box is open to a pizza covered in toppings.
1	a pizza box is open to a pizza covered beside toppings.
0	A close up of an italian sausage pizza.
1	a close underneath of an italian sausage pizza.
0	a desk with a keyboard, monitor and a laptop on the top
1	a desk with a keyboard, monitor and a laptop over the top
0	An aerial shot of a vintage desk shows a pair of booties resting under the desk, and on the top of it, a computer, laptop, peripheral equipment, and a few less tidily scattered small items of a non-electronic naturel. l
1	an aerial shot of a vintage desk shows a pair of booties resting beside the desk, and on the top of it, a computer, laptop, peripheral equipment, and a few less tidily scattered small items of a non-electronic naturel. l
0	a couple of computers are sitting on a desk
1	a couple of computers are sitting with a desk
0	a computer and a laptop sitting powered on on top a desk
1	a computer and a laptop sitting powered in on top a desk
0	A desk with a monitor, keyboard, laptop, a mouse, speakers and a glass on it.
1	a desk with a monitor, keyboard, laptop, a mouse, speakers and a glass beside it.
0	A woman and little girl are standing in a room
1	a woman and little girl are standing under a room
0	a woman and child pose in a living room with a pull-out bed, baby crib, and dining table
1	a woman and child pose upon a living room with a pull-out bed, baby crib, and dining table
0	The woman is standing next to the young girl in the room.
1	the woman is standing next to the happy girl in the room.
0	An older man wearing a red sweater holding a white controller standing in a living room.
1	an older man wearing a red sweater holding a white controller standing beside a living room.
0	A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.
1	a desktop computer monitor sitting behind top of a desk.
0	An apple computer and keyboard on a sleek white desk.
1	an apple computer and keyboard upon a sleek white desk.
0	The program is open on the desktop and ready to be used
1	the program is open beside the desktop and ready to be used
0	A computer and book sitting on top of a desk in a very pristine office.
1	a computer and book sitting with top of a desk in a very pristine office.
0	A living room with a couch that has blankets on it.
1	a living room on a couch that has blankets on it.
0	People flying kites on a sandy beach while a bucket sits in the sand.
1	people flying kites upon a sandy beach while a bucket sits in the sand.
0	Two people standing on a beach flying a kite.
1	two people standing in a beach flying a kite.
0	a group of people walk on a beach
1	a group of people walk in a beach
0	A man flying a kite outside at a festival.
1	a man flying a kite outside over a festival.
0	A crowd of people in a city flying kites.
1	a crowd of people beside a city flying kites.
0	People flying flags and kites in a courtyard.
1	people flying flags and kites at a courtyard.
0	There is a laptop on a desk next to a desktop computer
1	there is a laptop in a desk next to a desktop computer
0	A computer monitor, a laptop and some other electronics sit on a tan, wooden desk.
1	a computer monitor, a laptop and some other electronics sit over a tan, wooden desk.
0	A woman is standing and smiling as she holds a wine glass in front of a refrigerator.
1	a woman is standing and smiling as she holds a wine glass under front of a refrigerator.
0	A woman in a short black dress is holding a champagne flute and standing in front of a refrigerator.
1	a woman in a short black dress is holding a champagne flute and standing beside front of a refrigerator.
0	A women holding a drink in front of the refrigerator.
1	a women holding a drink beside front of the refrigerator.
0	A woman standing in front of a refrigerator freezer in a black dress.
1	a woman standing in front of a refrigerator freezer over a black dress.
1	a woman in a long black dress is holding a champagne flute and standing in front of a refrigerator.
0	A tennis player playing some tennis on the court.
1	a tennis player playing some tennis over the court.
0	A woman on a tennis court lifts her dress to expose her NUDE BUTTOCKS!!
1	a woman upon a tennis court lifts her dress to expose her nude buttocks!!
0	Two men are making pizza on a table
1	two men are making pizza with a table
0	Chefs making pizza on a counter with containers of ingredients and meats hanging above them.
1	chefs making pizza in a counter with containers of ingredients and meats hanging above them.
0	A couple of people making pizzas in a room.
1	a couple of people making pizzas upon a room.
0	A laptop is partially open on a desk.
1	a laptop is partially open over a desk.
0	A laptop sits half closed on a desk
1	a laptop sits half closed with a desk
0	A partially closed lap top computer sitting on a wooden desk.
0	The laptop sits partially closed on the wooden desk.
1	a altogether closed lap top computer sitting on a wooden desk.
1	a laptop is altogether open on a desk.
1	the laptop sits altogether closed on the wooden desk.
0	A class room filled with students sitting in front of computer.
1	a class room filled on students sitting in front of computer.
0	Adults learning on laptop computers in an Indian class room
1	adults learning on laptop computers beside an indian class room
0	A young woman with her laptop in bed.
1	a young woman with her laptop beside bed.
0	Laptop computer sitting on top of a blanket on a bed.
1	laptop computer sitting on top of a blanket behind a bed.
0	A person standing in front of a laptop computer.
1	a person standing under front of a laptop computer.
0	A young person sitting on a bed looking at their laptop.
1	a young person sitting with a bed looking at their laptop.
1	a happy woman with her laptop in bed.
1	a happy person sitting on a bed looking at their laptop.
0	Many small stuffed teddy bears have hearts on their feet.
1	many small stuffed teddy bears have hearts behind their feet.
0	A group of teddy bears sitting on to of a pile.
1	a group of teddy bears sitting upon to of a pile.
0	A number of teddy bears with different colors put together
1	a number of teddy bears with like colors put together
0	A child sitting on a chair with many stuffed animals.
1	a child sitting behind a chair with many stuffed animals.
0	there is a young boy sitting in a chair with stuffed animals
1	there is a young boy sitting beside a chair with stuffed animals
0	A boy in a chair with his stuffed animal friends
1	a boy at a chair with his stuffed animal friends
0	A young boy sits in a chair with some stuffed animals.
1	a young boy sits upon a chair with some stuffed animals.
1	there is a happy boy sitting in a chair with stuffed animals
1	a happy boy sits in a chair with some stuffed animals.
0	A view of a Rhode Island town with a large building at the fore front.
1	a view of a rhode island town with a large building upon the fore front.
0	a person sitting at a desk with a monitor and keyboard
1	a person sitting upon a desk with a monitor and keyboard
0	Individual is doing something at the moment that is intriguing.
1	individual is doing something beside the moment that is intriguing.
0	A peson talks on a phone while playing on a computer
1	a peson talks on a phone while playing in a computer
0	A young girl sits in front of a computer holding a phone.
1	a happy girl sits in front of a computer holding a phone.
0	Golden clock sitting in between to vases by a mirror.
1	golden clock sitting beside between to vases by a mirror.
0	A piece of cake on a plate next to a glass of milk.
1	a piece of cake beside a plate next to a glass of milk.
0	A piece of white cake on a plate with a glass of milk on the side.
1	a piece of white cake on a plate with a glass of milk with the side.
0	A plate of food and a cup on a table.
1	a plate of food and a cup in a table.
0	a close up of a plate with meat and a drink near by
1	a close atop of a plate with meat and a drink near by
0	Plates and a bowl of food on a table.
1	plates and a bowl of food beside a table.
0	Meat and a salad on a white plate.
1	meat and a salad upon a white plate.
0	A plate with a meat product and something else on it.
1	a plate with a meat product and something else upon it.
0	Food is in a styrofoam take out container.
1	food is under a styrofoam take out container.
0	Looking down at a meal of freshly barbecued food for two
1	looking down over a meal of freshly barbecued food for two
0	A table that has several plates of food on it.
1	a table that has several plates of food in it.
0	Many different plates with meat with silverware.
1	many like plates with meat with silverware.
0	A jar sitting next to many piles of vegetables and a camera on a table.
1	a jar sitting next to many piles of vegetables and a camera with a table.
0	A round glass table with a camera, sunglasses, a beverages, chopped vegetables and a jar with dressing in it
1	a round glass table with a camera, sunglasses, a beverages, chopped vegetables and a jar with dressing upon it
0	a black and white picture of people on there ski's.
1	a black and white picture of people in there ski's.
0	Many people with sports equipment are playing on the snow.
1	many people with sports equipment are playing beside the snow.
0	A kitchen with wooden cabinets and various bowls of fruits and vegetables on the counter, next to a white stovetop oven.
1	a kitchen on wooden cabinets and various bowls of fruits and vegetables on the counter, next to a white stovetop oven.
0	An empty kitchen with several bowls of fruit on the counter top.
1	an empty kitchen with several bowls of fruit with the counter top.
0	A snowboarder is hidden in white powder as he rides a snowboard.
1	a snowboarder is hidden at white powder as he rides a snowboard.
0	Thee family is standing around the island in the kitchen.
1	thee family is standing around the island over the kitchen.
0	A group of people that are in a kitchen.
1	a group of people that are over a kitchen.
0	Three people people in a kitchen preparing food and washing hands.
1	three people people at a kitchen preparing food and washing hands.
0	A couple of women and one man preparing food in a kitchen.
1	a couple of women and one man preparing food over a kitchen.
0	two women and a man talking in a kitchen
1	two women and a man talking under a kitchen
0	A kitchen with a lot of cabinets and stuff on the table.
1	a kitchen with a lot of cabinets and stuff with the table.
0	A home kitchen that is showing items on the counters.
1	a home kitchen that is showing items beside the counters.
0	The shelves below the kitchen window are filled with objects.
1	the shelves behind the kitchen window are filled with objects.
0	There are different appliances in the middle of a kitchen.
1	there are like appliances in the middle of a kitchen.
0	Cat lying on ground between pair of  parked bicycles
1	cat lying over ground between pair of parked bicycles
0	There is a cat sitting under the bicycles.
1	there is a cat sitting behind the bicycles.
0	A cat that is laying underneath a bike.
1	a cat that is laying beneath a bike.
0	A cat lays between two parked bicycles in a black and white photo.
1	a cat lays between two parked bicycles at a black and white photo.
0	A few bikes with a cat in the middle of them
1	a few bikes on a cat in the middle of them
0	White stalls installed on the walls of a men's room.
1	white stalls installed beside the walls of a men's room.
0	A public bathroom with two urinals on a wall, and sink with a mirror over it on another wall
1	a public bathroom with two urinals on a wall, and sink with a mirror over it with another wall
0	Two urinals and a sink in a bathroom.
1	two urinals and a sink at a bathroom.
0	A white bathroom sink sitting under a window.
1	a white bathroom sink sitting across a window.
0	A man standing in front of a mirror above a counter.
1	a man standing upon front of a mirror above a counter.
0	A man running his hands through his hair looks into a triple mirror above a shelf of toiletries.
1	a man running his hands within his hair looks into a triple mirror above a shelf of toiletries.
0	A man looks at his hairline in the mirror.
1	a man looks at his hairline beside the mirror.
0	There is a picture of a man hanging up in the room.
1	there is a picture of a man hanging up upon the room.
0	A man on a mirror holding his head
1	a man upon a mirror holding his head
0	A man sits in a car with a cat in his lap.
1	a man sits in a car on a cat in his lap.
0	An older man is sitting in a car, petting his cat.
1	an older man is sitting over a car, petting his cat.
0	An older man is holding a cat in his lap while sitting in the driver's seat of a car.
1	an older man is holding a cat beside his lap while sitting in the driver's seat of a car.
0	A man that is sitting in a car holding a cat.
1	a man that is sitting at a car holding a cat.
0	A black cat sits in a car and looks out.
1	a black cat sits over a car and looks out.
0	A cat inside of a car during the day.
1	a cat up of a car during the day.
0	A cat is sitting in a car near the dash.
1	a cat is sitting in a car in the dash.
0	A white bowl filled with leafy greens on a rain soaked ground.
1	a white bowl filled on leafy greens on a rain soaked ground.
0	Many different weeds grow wild out of an old toilet.
1	a white bowl filled with leafless greens on a rain soaked ground.
1	many like weeds grow wild out of an old toilet.
0	A man sits on a toilet while working on his computer at his desk.
1	a man sits on a toilet while working on his computer upon his desk.
0	A man sitting on a toilet in front of the computer.
1	a man sitting upon a toilet in front of the computer.
0	A man sitting on a chair in front of a computer.
1	a man sitting beside a chair in front of a computer.
0	a person sitting on a toilet while operating a computer
1	a person sitting in a toilet while operating a computer
0	A man sitting on a toilet in front of a large computer monitor.
1	a man sitting in a toilet in front of a large computer monitor.
0	A toilet that is in a bathroom with the lid up.
1	a toilet that is beside a bathroom with the lid up.
0	A blurry photo of a toilet seat in a bathroom.
1	a blurry photo of a toilet seat over a bathroom.
0	A picture taken through a car window of a shop with many motorcycles parked in front of it.
1	a picture taken up a car window of a shop with many motorcycles parked in front of it.
0	A view through a car windshield of motorbikes parked outside of a building.
1	a view through a car windshield of motorbikes parked within of a building.
0	A church with a clock on it and a steeple above it.
1	a church on a clock on it and a steeple above it.
0	A view looking up at a white church with a large window.
1	a view looking up over a white church with a large window.
0	Folded towels are sitting on a rack above a toilet.
1	folded towels are sitting in a rack above a toilet.
0	A toilet, phone, toilet paper, and towel rack in a black bathroom.
1	a toilet, phone, toilet paper, and towel rack at a black bathroom.
0	A white toilet in a black bathroom with a phone on the wall.
1	a white toilet under a black bathroom with a phone on the wall.
0	A small cat is standing near the computer keyboard.
1	a small cat is standing in the computer keyboard.
0	A kitten sitting on top of a white keyboard.
1	a kitten sitting beside top of a white keyboard.
0	A calico kitten hangs out on the computer keyboard.
1	a calico kitten hangs out behind the computer keyboard.
0	This is a kitten on a keyboard chasing a mouse.
1	this is a kitten with a keyboard chasing a mouse.
0	A person on a motorcycle high in the air.
1	a person upon a motorcycle high in the air.
0	A person is riding a motorcycle on dirt.
1	a person is riding a motorcycle with dirt.
0	A dirt bike ride jumps on a course during a race with other riders.
1	a dirt bike ride jumps in a course during a race with other riders.
0	person jumping a dirt bike on green grass
1	person jumping a dirt bike with green grass
0	a close up of a motorcycle parked under a structure
1	a close towards of a motorcycle parked under a structure
0	A man is walking down the street in front of a red door.
1	a man is walking down the street upon front of a red door.
0	A man walking on the sidewalk next to a suitcase leaning against a lamp.
1	a man walking in the sidewalk next to a suitcase leaning against a lamp.
0	A man walking down the sidewalk, and a blue briefcase in front of a post.
1	a man walking down the sidewalk, and a blue briefcase at front of a post.
0	A blue suitcase is leaning against a post on the street while a man walks by.
1	a blue suitcase is leaning against a post over the street while a man walks by.
0	A passenger jet flying over a building on a cloudy day.
1	a passenger jet flying over a building beside a cloudy day.
0	An airplane flying over the top of a building.
1	an airplane flying on the top of a building.
0	A jet flying above an office building on a cloudy day.
1	a jet flying above an office building behind a cloudy day.
0	a big airplane flying by on a cloudy day
1	a big airplane flying by beside a cloudy day
0	A plane with its landing gear out flying through the air.
1	a plane with its landing gear out flying outside the air.
0	Two green and white jetliners sitting on top of an airport runway.
1	two green and white jetliners sitting upon top of an airport runway.
0	A couple of passenger planes taxi on the runway of an airfield.
1	a couple of passenger planes taxi over the runway of an airfield.
0	Two white and green airplanes are on the runway.
1	two white and green airplanes are beside the runway.
0	A small white plane sitting on top of the ocean.
1	a small white plane sitting upon top of the ocean.
0	A plane that has landed in the water.
1	a plane that has landed upon the water.
0	A seaplane in the water near a pier.
1	a seaplane in the water in a pier.
0	A plane is sitting on the dock on the water.
1	a plane is sitting upon the dock on the water.
0	a sea plane near a harbor in a body of water
1	a sea plane near a harbor at a body of water
0	The back end of a plane is seen flying over the mountains.
1	the back end of a plane is seen flying upon the mountains.
0	A giraffe walking in a field with gazelle's looking on.
1	a giraffe walking in a field on gazelle's looking on.
0	A GIRAFFE STANDING NEAR TO TWO DEER IN A SEMI-ARID GRASSLAND.
1	a giraffe standing across to two deer in a semi-arid grassland.
0	a giraffe in a field with trees in the background
1	a giraffe in a field with trees over the background
0	A giraffe standing on top of a green field.
1	a giraffe standing over top of a green field.
0	A beautiful zebra standing in a green field.
1	a beautiful zebra standing at a green field.
0	a giraffe is running around in a green field
1	a giraffe is running around upon a green field
1	a ugly zebra standing in a green field.
0	A small vehicle travels behind another in the desert.
1	a small vehicle travels beside another in the desert.
0	A white vehicle sitting on the side of the road.
1	a white vehicle sitting behind the side of the road.
0	A truck is parked on the side of a road near a bus.
1	a truck is parked on the side of a road in a bus.
0	The front of a house that has a balcony on the second floor
1	the front of a house that has a balcony in the second floor
0	Two giraffes are in a fenced in area that has a few sparse trees near it.
1	two giraffes are upon a fenced in area that has a few sparse trees near it.
0	A picture of some giraffes in a wonderful looking zoo.
1	a picture of some giraffes beside a wonderful looking zoo.
0	Two giraffes in their cages in a zoo.
1	two giraffes over their cages in a zoo.
0	A city traffic signal and street at night.
1	a city traffic signal and street upon night.
0	A colorful but blurry street scene at night features a car driving through an intersection.
1	a colorful but blurry street scene beside night features a car driving through an intersection.
0	A traffic light on a street in a dark city.
1	a traffic light on a street beside a dark city.
0	Two jack o lanterns are outside on a rail.
1	two jack o lanterns are outside upon a rail.
0	a pumpkin dressed  figure sitting outside a building
1	a pumpkin dressed figure sitting towards a building
0	A pumpkin man sitting on top of a bench with a pumpkin head in it's lap.
1	a pumpkin man sitting over top of a bench with a pumpkin head in it's lap.
0	Pumpkin head Halloween decorations sit on a bench.
1	pumpkin head halloween decorations sit in a bench.
0	A red double decker bus is in front of a white bus on the side of a road.
1	a red double decker bus is upon front of a white bus on the side of a road.
0	There are four sheep in the grassy field.
1	there are four sheep over the grassy field.
0	A grass field with several cheep standing and grazing in the field.
1	a grass field on several cheep standing and grazing in the field.
0	A couple of animals that are in the grass.
1	a couple of animals that are over the grass.
0	Sheep graze and relax in a large grassy field
1	sheep graze and relax upon a large grassy field
0	A double decker bus with a man posing by the door.
1	a double decker bus with a man posing on the door.
0	A school bus turned tour bus is painted in wild rainbow colors and graphics.
1	a school bus turned tour bus is painted over wild rainbow colors and graphics.
0	A woman in yellow shirt and skirt with cats in grass.
1	a woman over yellow shirt and skirt with cats in grass.
0	A bird perched on a pair of brown shoes.
1	a bird perched with a pair of brown shoes.
0	A parakeet perched on a pair of sneakers left on a carpet
1	a parakeet perched behind a pair of sneakers left on a carpet
0	A small bird is perched on top of a shoe.
1	a small bird is perched over top of a shoe.
0	The back end of a bus with a Bus Stop sign in the foreground.
1	the back end of a bus with a bus stop sign upon the foreground.
0	a blue bus stop sign on a street
1	a blue bus stop sign behind a street
0	A bus stop sign that is on a pole.
1	a bus stop sign that is behind a pole.
0	A red stop sign sitting under two street signs.
1	a red stop sign sitting near two street signs.
0	a close up of a sotp sign and a street sign
1	a close underneath of a sotp sign and a street sign
0	THERE IS A BIRD THAT IS FLYING HIGH OVER THE WATER
1	there is a bird that is flying high near the water
0	A young woman lays a hand on the neck of the horse she is riding.
1	a young woman lays a hand beside the neck of the horse she is riding.
0	The girl is enjoying the ride on her horse.
1	the girl is enjoying the ride with her horse.
0	A woman rides a white horse through a market.
1	a woman rides a white horse up a market.
1	a happy woman lays a hand on the neck of the horse she is riding.
0	There are stop signs and one way signs at this intersection.
1	there are stop signs and one way signs behind this intersection.
0	A stop sign on a pole in a street.
1	a stop sign upon a pole in a street.
0	A group of three dummy heads covered in hats.
1	a group of three dummy heads covered beside hats.
0	An orange sign pointing to the right sitting on a sidewalk.
1	an orange sign pointing to the right sitting with a sidewalk.
0	A sign on a sidewalk is in a foreign language.
1	a sign with a sidewalk is in a foreign language.
0	Portable sign stating Wegomlegging which is Detour in Dutch
1	portable sign stating wegomlegging which is detour at dutch
0	a street sign on a city side walk
1	a street sign beside a city side walk
0	An aerial view of a stop sign that is attached to a pole and is on the sidewalk.
1	an aerial view of a stop sign that is attached to a pole and is over the sidewalk.
0	A stop sign on a sidewalk next to a street.
1	a stop sign in a sidewalk next to a street.
0	an over head view of a stop sign
1	an on head view of a stop sign
0	A parking meter sitting in the middle of a flooded street.
1	a parking meter sitting at the middle of a flooded street.
0	Two police officers are standing beside their vehicles.
1	two police officers are standing in their vehicles.
0	A white cat standing on top of a suitcase.
1	a white cat standing with top of a suitcase.
0	A cat climbing on top of a suitcase.
1	a cat climbing beside top of a suitcase.
0	A white cat standing on a black suitcase.
1	a white cat standing with a black suitcase.
0	A white cat standing on a luggage bag that is unzipped and laying on the floor.
1	a white cat standing on a luggage bag that is unzipped and laying upon the floor.
0	A group of animals walks on sandy surface under the cloudy sky
1	a group of animals walks on sandy surface below the cloudy sky
0	Cows are walking in the sand on a beach.
1	cows are walking at the sand on a beach.
0	The riders meander down the beach on their horses.
1	the riders meander down the beach over their horses.
0	A cat sniffs at a wooden chair bottom.
1	a cat sniffs over a wooden chair bottom.
0	A cat on the floor looking at the seat of a wooden chair
1	a cat behind the floor looking at the seat of a wooden chair
0	A advertisement truck drives through a busy street.
1	a advertisement truck drives within a busy street.
0	a group of people huddle together on a sidewalk with a big truck in the street
1	a group of people huddle together on a sidewalk with a big truck at the street
0	A delivery truck at an intersection at night in a city
1	a delivery truck beside an intersection at night in a city
0	A view of a building in the middle of day, it has a giant clock on it.
1	a view of a building in the middle of day, it has a giant clock beside it.
0	A large stone building with a clock on it near the water
1	a large stone building with a clock on it in the water
0	a big building sitting in front of some water
1	a big building sitting under front of some water
0	A couple of cows sitting inside a wooded fence.
1	a couple of cows sitting around` a wooded fence.
0	a couple of cows are laying in a pin
1	a couple of cows are laying beside a pin
0	some cows lying down on the ground in their fenced off area
1	some cows lying down in the ground in their fenced off area
0	A small outdoor enclosure is holding a group of cows.
1	a small indoor enclosure is holding a group of cows.
0	Two men sitting on a yellow boat in the water.
1	two men sitting on a yellow boat under the water.
0	Two men sitting on a small boat in the water.
1	two men sitting over a small boat in the water.
0	two men on a boat at the waters  staring on
1	two men with a boat at the waters staring on
0	A man sitting on the front of a yellow boat.
1	a man sitting in the front of a yellow boat.
0	Two people on a yellow boat out on the water.
1	two people on a yellow boat out over the water.
0	The president making a speech with a communist/american flag combo behind him.
1	the president making a speech with a communist/american flag combo in him.
0	the person addressing on a microphone and a flag behind
1	the person addressing behind a microphone and a flag behind
0	Young boy holding an umbrella on a rainy day.
1	young boy holding an umbrella upon a rainy day.
0	The boy is walking in the rain with an umbrella.
1	the boy is walking under the rain with an umbrella.
0	a young boy walks towards the camera holding an umbrella
0	A young boy with an umbrella covering on a rainy day
1	happy boy holding an umbrella on a rainy day.
1	a happy boy walks towards the camera holding an umbrella
1	a happy boy with an umbrella covering on a rainy day
0	A man holding a gun is in the shower wearing a suit
1	a man holding a gun is over the shower wearing a suit
0	a man that is taking a shower in his clothes
1	a man that is taking a shower at his clothes
0	People are sitting and watching something in an auditorium.
1	people are sitting and watching something under an auditorium.
0	A group of people sit near each other and pose for a picture.
1	a group of people sit in each other and pose for a picture.
0	A row of people in a larger audience watching something.
1	a row of people beside a larger audience watching something.
0	People in hats are riding on a large elephant.
1	people in hats are riding over a large elephant.
0	Two people are riding on the top of an elephant.
1	two people are riding in the top of an elephant.
0	A man riding on the back of a gray elephant.
1	a man riding behind the back of a gray elephant.
0	Two People wearing hats writing on an elephant.
1	two people wearing hats writing in an elephant.
0	A man waits by the street with an open umbrella in his hand.
1	a man waits by the street with an open umbrella beside his hand.
0	A man standing on the sidewalk with a blue umbrella.
1	a man standing beside the sidewalk with a blue umbrella.
0	Multi-colored umbrellas in a black and white picture near the water
1	multi-colored umbrellas under a black and white picture near the water
0	Covered seating in front of a restaurant by a lake.
1	covered seating in front of a restaurant on a lake.
0	A bunch of different colored umbrellas on tables.
1	a bunch of different colored umbrellas over tables.
1	a bunch of like colored umbrellas on tables.
0	A herd of elephants walking in the mud
1	a herd of elephants walking over the mud
0	A herd of elephants play in a puddle in a black and white photo.
1	a herd of elephants play in a puddle at a black and white photo.
0	Several elephants standing near one another in the grass.
1	several elephants standing near one another beside the grass.
0	Two women, who are not wearing tops, but body paint and one has flowers in her hair and the other one has a white parasol up and is wearing lots of kandi bracelets while the woman behind her is wearing a white top and is talking to someone.
1	two women, who are not wearing tops, but body paint and one has flowers in her hair and the other one has a white parasol up and is wearing lots of kandi bracelets while the woman near her is wearing a white top and is talking to someone.
0	A couple of beautiful topless women standing next to each other.
1	a couple of ugly topless women standing next to each other.
0	A woman and a dog sitting on the ground.
1	a woman and a dog sitting with the ground.
0	A woman holding an umbrella sitting on a blanket next to two dogs.
1	a woman holding an umbrella sitting with a blanket next to two dogs.
0	A woman is playing with her dogs under an umbrella.
1	a woman is playing on her dogs under an umbrella.
0	Woman and adoring dog under an umbrella in the sun.
1	woman and adoring dog under an umbrella at the sun.
0	A bedroom with a bed under a window next to a green rug.
1	a bedroom with a bed behind a window next to a green rug.
0	We are looking at a young persons bedroom.
1	we are looking across a young persons bedroom.
0	a swirly green rug in a kids room
1	a swirly green rug upon a kids room
1	we are looking at a happy persons bedroom.
0	A bear and two other animals in the grass near the woods.
1	a bear and two other animals in the grass below the woods.
0	Three brown bears roaming walking around in their natural habitat.
1	three brown bears roaming walking around over their natural habitat.
0	A group of bears stand in the brush in front of trees.
1	a group of bears stand under the brush in front of trees.
0	A brown bear sniffs the air amid shrubs in a forest clearing.
1	a brown bear sniffs the air amid shrubs at a forest clearing.
0	A large bear standing in a grass field.
1	a large bear standing upon a grass field.
0	a couple of bears walking across a field.
1	a couple of bears walking below a field.
0	a couple bears walking through a grass field.
1	a couple bears walking up a grass field.
0	A pair of grizzly bears walk through the grass.
1	a pair of grizzly bears walk outside the grass.
0	A bear is taking a walk through the forest.
1	a bear is taking a walk outside the forest.
0	a big brown bear walking in the grassy woods
1	a big brown bear walking beside the grassy woods
0	A brown dog sits in the snow near a red table and black chairs.
1	a brown dog sits at the snow near a red table and black chairs.
0	DOG SITTING ON OUTSIDE PATIO IN THE SNOW
1	dog sitting with outside patio in the snow
0	A snow covered ground outside of a yellow colored house, with a dog tied to an outdoor chair.
1	a snow covered ground towards of a yellow colored house, with a dog tied to an outdoor chair.
0	a furry brown hound sits on the snow in front of some garden patio furniture
1	a furry brown hound sits on the snow over front of some garden patio furniture
1	a snow covered ground outside of a yellow colored house, with a dog tied to an indoor chair.
0	A girl in white shirt playing with a yellow frisbee.
1	a girl under white shirt playing with a yellow frisbee.
0	a young person in a field with a frisbee
1	a young person at a field with a frisbee
0	A girl playing frisbee in the backyard of a house.
1	a girl playing frisbee under the backyard of a house.
1	a happy person in a field with a frisbee
0	a young female throwing a red Frisbee in a grassy area
1	a young female throwing a red frisbee at a grassy area
0	A reflection a person catching a frisbee in a mirror like object.
1	a reflection a person catching a frisbee under a mirror like object.
1	a happy female throwing a red frisbee in a grassy area
0	A couple of zebra standing on top of a dry grass field.
1	a couple of zebra standing in top of a dry grass field.
0	Two zebras in a grassy field, with one drinking milk from the other.
1	two zebras under a grassy field, with one drinking milk from the other.
0	A small zebra is drinking milk from the larger zebra in the middle of the field.
1	a small zebra is drinking milk from the larger zebra at the middle of the field.
0	a group of horses graze on some grass
1	a group of horses graze over some grass
0	A herd of horses in a rocky field.
1	a herd of horses beside a rocky field.
0	A group of brown horses are grazing in a grassy field.
1	a group of brown horses are grazing over a grassy field.
0	Horses munching in a field underneath rolling hills.
1	horses munching beside a field underneath rolling hills.
0	A dog and a large horse in a field.
1	a dog and a large horse at a field.
0	A dog and a horse are running in a field
1	a dog and a horse are running over a field
0	A horse chasing a dog through a fenced field,
1	a horse chasing a dog up a fenced field,
0	A brown horse standing next to a dog on a field.
1	a brown horse standing next to a dog upon a field.
0	two horses in a field of green grass
1	two horses beside a field of green grass
0	Two horses in a green field with yellow flowers
1	two horses in a green field on yellow flowers
0	Two horses in a field of tall grass and wildflowers.
1	two horses beside a field of tall grass and wildflowers.
0	A horse standing in the grass in a fenced in area.
1	a horse standing upon the grass in a fenced in area.
0	A brown horse grazing on grass in a field.
1	a brown horse grazing over grass in a field.
0	A horse that is standing in the grass.
1	a horse that is standing upon the grass.
0	A brown horse grazing in a green field.
1	a brown horse grazing at a green field.
0	An outdoor produce market with a long line of bananas hanging over the fruit and vegetables displayed.
1	an outdoor produce market with a long line of bananas hanging at the fruit and vegetables displayed.
0	An outdoor market with bananas, onions, lemons, limes, tomatoes, and more.
0	This outdoor produce market has two long rows of bananas.
1	an indoor market with bananas, onions, lemons, limes, tomatoes, and more.
1	an indoor produce market with a long line of bananas hanging over the fruit and vegetables displayed.
1	this indoor produce market has two long rows of bananas.
0	a line of kids that are in baseball uniforms
1	a line of kids that are beside baseball uniforms
0	Children wearing purple baseball uniforms while standing in a line.
1	children wearing purple baseball uniforms while standing upon a line.
0	Some young children are dressed and ready for a game.
0	A group of young boys standing next to each other.
1	some happy children are dressed and ready for a game.
1	a group of happy boys standing next to each other.
0	She is holding up a peace sign in the snow.
1	she is holding up a peace sign over the snow.
0	there is a person standing on a ski hill smiling
1	there is a person standing upon a ski hill smiling
0	A woman is skiing on a mountain at night.
1	a woman is skiing on a mountain behind night.
0	The person in a red jacket smiles while standing in skis.
1	the person at a red jacket smiles while standing in skis.
0	A stainless steel toaster oven on a marble counter with a muffin pan inside and two muffins on plates in front of it.
1	a stainless steel toaster oven in a marble counter with a muffin pan inside and two muffins on plates in front of it.
0	A toaster oven on a counter is open with a tray of muffins in it, with two muffins on plates to the side.
1	a toaster oven over a counter is open with a tray of muffins in it, with two muffins on plates to the side.
0	A man holding two red skis walking through the snow.
1	a man holding two red skis walking around` the snow.
0	Two men and a woman with skis standing in the snow.
1	two men and a woman with skis standing under the snow.
0	People carrying backpacks and sports gear in the snow.
1	people carrying backpacks and sports gear over the snow.
0	Skiing should be great on this sunny winter day.
1	skiing should be great over this sunny winter day.
0	A cross country skier climbing a mountain on his skis
1	a cross country skier climbing a mountain with his skis
0	A man with a backpack on cross country skis in the snow.
1	a man with a backpack beside cross country skis in the snow.
0	a man walking on the snow while wearing some skiis
1	a man walking upon the snow while wearing some skiis
0	Two skiers stand on their skis in the snow.
1	two skiers stand on their skis at the snow.
0	Two men are standing on skis by a snowy mountain.
1	two men are standing on skis on a snowy mountain.
0	Two men in ski gear posing for the camera.
1	two men beside ski gear posing for the camera.
0	A man and a woman cross country skiing on a snow covered trail with mountain peaks in the background.
1	a man and a woman cross country skiing on a snow covered trail with mountain peaks under the background.
0	a lady skiing looking back at a man skiing
1	a lady skiing looking back behind a man skiing
0	A man and a woman cross-country skiing in deep snow.
1	a man and a woman cross-country skiing upon deep snow.
0	A view of a drink with a garnish sitting on it, on a table.
1	a view of a drink with a garnish sitting upon it, on a table.
0	A glass of tea sits on a kitchen table next to a plate of food.
1	a glass of tea sits upon a kitchen table next to a plate of food.
0	a man leanding over to touch the ground while riding his skateboard
1	a man leanding near to touch the ground while riding his skateboard
0	A boy does a trick on a skateboard on his knees.
1	a boy does a trick beside a skateboard on his knees.
0	A boy practicing his techniques coming down the ramp on a skateboard.
1	a boy practicing his techniques coming down the ramp in a skateboard.
0	A man riding down the side of a skateboard ramp in a skate park.
1	a man riding down the side of a skateboard ramp under a skate park.
0	A person on a skate board at the top of a steep ramp.
1	a person on a skate board beside the top of a steep ramp.
0	A boy using his skateboard to go down a skateboard ramp at a skateboard park.
1	a boy using his skateboard to go down a skateboard ramp beside a skateboard park.
0	A dish of food including tomatoes and pickles and something on flat-bread.
1	a dish of food including tomatoes and pickles and something behind flat-bread.
0	A sandwich has cheese, veggies, and pickles on it.
1	a sandwich has cheese, veggies, and pickles upon it.
0	A boy ollies his skateboard at an outdoor skate-park.
1	a boy ollies his skateboard across an outdoor skate-park.
0	a person jumping a skate board in the air
1	a person jumping a skate board at the air
0	Two guys are on their skateboards at the park.
1	two guys are on their skateboards over the park.
0	Two young men skateboarding at a skate park.
1	a boy ollies his skateboard at an indoor skate-park.
1	two happy men skateboarding at a skate park.
0	A skateboarder stands on his board atop a narrow rail.
1	a skateboarder stands upon his board atop a narrow rail.
0	A skateboarder skating on a fence rail that someone is holding.
1	a skateboarder skating in a fence rail that someone is holding.
0	a boy does a trick on a skate board
1	a boy does a trick beside a skate board
0	A skateboarder balances his skateboard on a railing.
1	a skateboarder balances his skateboard beside a railing.
0	The skateboarder is balanced on top of the rail.
1	the skateboarder is balanced upon top of the rail.
1	a skateboarder stands on his board atop a dirty rail.
0	a person riding a skate board on a makeshift skate park
1	a person riding a skate board beside a makeshift skate park
0	A young man is sitting on the side of a bus eating a hot dog.
1	a young man is sitting beside the side of a bus eating a hot dog.
0	a child sitting on a car eating a hot dog
1	a child sitting upon a car eating a hot dog
0	A young kid eating a hot dog while sitting on a van step.
1	a happy man is sitting on the side of a bus eating a hot dog.
1	a happy kid eating a hot dog while sitting on a van step.
0	A hotdog, fries and a drink sit on a table beside a book.
1	a hotdog, fries and a drink sit over a table beside a book.
0	a close up of a paper box holding hot dogs and french fries
1	a close towards of a paper box holding hot dogs and french fries
0	A table has a hot dog and french fries on it.
1	a table has a hot dog and french fries in it.
0	a close up of a plate with a burger and a hot dog
1	a close up of a plate on a burger and a hot dog
0	A cheeseburger with fixings and a hotdog with condiments on a plate
1	a cheeseburger with fixings and a hotdog with condiments upon a plate
0	A hamburger, corn and a hot dog on a plate .
1	a hamburger, corn and a hot dog in a plate.
0	Large assortment of foods displayed in buffet on table.
1	large assortment of foods displayed in buffet over table.
0	Many plates of food are next to a crock pot on a table.
1	many plates of food are next to a crock pot with a table.
0	a man on  a picture with a surfing board
1	a man behind a picture with a surfing board
0	A sign for a snow team hangs in the window
1	a sign for a snow team hangs upon the window
0	a sign that is hanging up in window
1	a sign that is hanging up at window
0	A poster of a man with a snowboard is in the window.
1	a poster of a man with a snowboard is over the window.
0	A beautiful woman sitting at a table with two pizzas.
1	a beautiful woman sitting behind a table with two pizzas.
0	The woman is sitting at the table and eating pizza.
1	the woman is sitting upon the table and eating pizza.
0	A woman sitting at a table in front of her pizza.
1	a woman sitting over a table in front of her pizza.
0	a girl sitting at a table in front of two pizzas
1	a girl sitting at a table over front of two pizzas
1	a ugly woman sitting at a table with two pizzas.
0	There are two plate of food on a table.
1	there are two plate of food over a table.
0	Food lays on several plates that sits on a peach colored table.
1	food lays on several plates that sits in a peach colored table.
0	Two plates of food at an outdoor restaurant.
1	two plates of food over an outdoor restaurant.
0	A dining table with two plates of food on it.
1	a dining table with two plates of food over it.
1	two plates of food at an indoor restaurant.
0	An assortment of pastries on display under glass.
1	an assortment of pastries behind display under glass.
0	Two cake plates with glass tops sitting on a table.
1	two cake plates with glass tops sitting behind a table.
0	Pastries under serving glasses at a coffee shop
1	pastries beside serving glasses at a coffee shop
0	A table holds different pastries under glass lids.
1	a table holds different pastries across glass lids.
0	A couple different pastries on a pastry dish.
1	a couple like pastries on a pastry dish.
1	a table holds like pastries under glass lids.
0	A person that is having a lot of fun on their surfboard.
1	a person that is having a lot of fun over their surfboard.
0	a person riding a surf board on a wave
1	a person riding a surf board with a wave
0	a man is laying on a surfboard riding a wave
1	a man is laying upon a surfboard riding a wave
0	A cleaned up bedroom with the lights on.
1	a cleaned up bedroom with the lights in.
0	A bed with two nightstands and two lamps in a room.
1	a bed with two nightstands and two lamps beside a room.
0	A laptop and screen in a small room.
1	a laptop and screen beside a small room.
0	The desk is covered in cords, a desktop, and a laptop on a homemade docking station.
1	the desk is covered under cords, a desktop, and a laptop on a homemade docking station.
0	A laptop computer sitting on top of a table.
1	a laptop computer sitting over top of a table.
0	A man in blue shirt and white shorts playing tennis.
1	a man beside blue shirt and white shorts playing tennis.
0	Male professional tennis player swinging at a tennis ball.
1	male professional tennis player swinging over a tennis ball.
0	a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball
1	a tennis player swinging a racket over a ball
0	A man on a court swinging a tennis racket.
1	a man beside a court swinging a tennis racket.
0	A man that is sitting on a bench near a racquet.
1	a man that is sitting on a bench upon a racquet.
0	A laptop sits on a stack of books on top of a messy desk.
1	a laptop sits on a stack of books beside top of a messy desk.
0	A big desk with a computer and a bunch of other items on it
1	a big desk with a computer and a bunch of other items over it
0	A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a man standing with a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	A tennis player stands idle while watching something along with onlookers in the stands.
1	a tennis player stands idle while watching something along with onlookers over the stands.
0	A man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a man standing in top of a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	a tennis player on a court with a racket
1	a tennis player behind a court with a racket
0	A man is dressed in blue playing tennis.
1	a man is dressed beside blue playing tennis.
0	a man that has a tennis racket in his hand
1	a man that has a tennis racket under his hand
0	A man holding a pizza on top of a pan covered in toppings.
1	a man holding a pizza in top of a pan covered in toppings.
0	a lady holding a pizza with stuff on it
1	a lady holding a pizza with stuff beside it
0	A woman holding a box open with a pizza in it.
1	a woman holding a box open with a pizza over it.
0	A woman holding a pizza box with a large pizza in it.
1	a woman holding a pizza box with a large pizza over it.
0	A white woman smiles at a large pizza in a box
1	a white woman smiles at a large pizza under a box
0	a large pizza in a box with a woman looking down at it
1	a large pizza in a box on a woman looking down at it
0	a tennis player with a racket on a court
1	a tennis player with a racket with a court
0	A man wearing his hat backward with a tennis racket and ball in his hand.
1	a man wearing his hat backward on a tennis racket and ball in his hand.
0	a man standing on a tennis court whil holding a ball and racket
1	a man standing in a tennis court whil holding a ball and racket
0	A man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a man standing beside top of a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
1	a man holding a tennis racquet upon top of a tennis court.
0	A man is looking down at his tennis racket at a tennis court.
1	a man is looking down across his tennis racket at a tennis court.
0	A gentleman on a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a gentleman behind a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	A man with a racket is shown standing on a court.
1	a man with a racket is shown standing in a court.
0	The man is holding a tennis racket on a tennis court.
1	the man is holding a tennis racket over a tennis court.
0	A tennis player walking across a tennis court.
1	a tennis player walking beside a tennis court.
0	a table sits in the middle of a room with some chairs
1	a table sits at the middle of a room with some chairs
0	a cellphone is sitting on a black table
1	a cellphone is sitting behind a black table
0	The camera and snacks are on the table.
1	the camera and snacks are in the table.
0	A black table topped with food and a smart phone.
1	a black table topped with food and a dumb phone.
0	A man that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet.
1	a man that is standing beside a tennis court with a racquet.
0	A man on a tennis court is tossing a ball upwards.
1	a man over a tennis court is tossing a ball upwards.
0	A man flying a kite on a beach with people standing around.
1	a man flying a kite with a beach with people standing around.
0	A man flying a kite while standing on a beach.
1	a man flying a kite while standing over a beach.
0	A man waves to people in the distance on a beach.
1	a man waves to people in the distance behind a beach.
0	A blue tinted photograph of a man flying a kite on the beach.
1	a blue tinted photograph of a man flying a kite upon the beach.
0	A microwave sitting on top of a wooden shelf.
1	a microwave sitting upon top of a wooden shelf.
0	there is a black microwave that is on top of a wooden table
1	there is a black microwave that is upon top of a wooden table
0	THERE IS A MICROWAVE  THAT IS ON THE DESK TOP
1	there is a microwave that is with the desk top
0	a microwave on a small table with a device on top of it
1	a microwave on a small table with a device behind top of it
0	A kitchen counter with a microwave and a toaster oven on a shelf
1	a kitchen counter with a microwave and a toaster oven upon a shelf
0	A big green blue bowl sets on top of a table set.
1	a big green blue bowl sets over top of a table set.
0	A crackled green glass vase siting near a window.
1	a crackled green glass vase siting below a window.
0	A vase with cracks in it is shown.
1	a vase on cracks in it is shown.
0	A candle is lit in a large glass goblet with other candles around it.
1	a candle is lit beside a large glass goblet with other candles around it.
0	A couple of glass vessels with light on a table.
1	a couple of glass vessels on light on a table.
0	Four different lights in various different shapes and sizes.
1	four like lights in various different shapes and sizes.
0	An object sitting in the middle of a paved road.
1	an object sitting beside the middle of a paved road.
0	A toaster sitting out in the middle of the road.
1	a toaster sitting out at the middle of the road.
0	A large cheese pizza has forks resting on either of its sides.
1	a large cheese pizza has forks resting upon either of its sides.
0	A whole cheese pizza cut into eight slices with a fork on each side.
1	a whole cheese pizza cut into eight slices with a fork over each side.
0	A homemade pizza on a table with two forks.
1	a homemade pizza in a table with two forks.
0	An irregularly shaped pizza is placed in between two forks
1	an irregularly shaped pizza is placed upon between two forks
0	The girl was on a court playing tennis with her mom.
1	the girl was on a court playing tennis on her mom.
0	Two school age girls play tennis on a tennis court.
1	two school age girls play tennis behind a tennis court.
0	A young child is standing on a tennis ball court holding a racket and a ball.
1	a young child is standing upon a tennis ball court holding a racket and a ball.
0	A young female tennis player on the tennis court.
1	a young female tennis player behind the tennis court.
1	a happy child is standing on a tennis ball court holding a racket and a ball.
1	a happy female tennis player on the tennis court.
0	Two small clocks sit behind a glass window.
1	two small clocks sit beside a glass window.
0	Two clocks behind glass reflecting grass and shrubs.
1	two clocks across glass reflecting grass and shrubs.
0	looking through a window at a small clock and a large one
1	looking around` a window at a small clock and a large one
0	A large ornate metal clock rests beside a miniature clock, also, featuring great detail, both of which stand behind a pane of glass that  also shows the view from outside.
1	a large ornate metal clock rests beside a miniature clock, also, featuring great detail, both of which stand beside a pane of glass that also shows the view from outside.
0	A clock in a metal frame mounted on a wall.
1	a clock in a metal frame mounted upon a wall.
0	A Macbook laptop showing a flickr webpage on a table next to two remote controls.
1	a macbook laptop showing a flickr webpage beside a table next to two remote controls.
0	Open laptop with the website flickr shown on the screen.
1	open laptop with the website flickr shown upon the screen.
0	A small laptop computer sits on the table with a couple remote controls and a "vino" cup.
1	a small laptop computer sits with the table with a couple remote controls and a "vino" cup.
0	Computer on a table with remote controls next to it.
1	computer beside a table with remote controls next to it.
0	A beautiful woman looking over a mans shoulder in front of a computer.
1	a beautiful woman looking on a mans shoulder in front of a computer.
0	A woman is leaning over a man's shoulder looking at a computer.
1	a woman is leaning near a man's shoulder looking at a computer.
0	a man and woman are both looking at a screen
1	a man and woman are both looking across a screen
0	A man and woman are looking intently at a computer screen.
1	a man and woman are looking intently upon a computer screen.
1	a ugly woman looking over a mans shoulder in front of a computer.
0	A Sanyo microwave oven sitting on the counter.
1	a sanyo microwave oven sitting behind the counter.
0	a microwave sitting on a counter by other appliances
1	a microwave sitting with a counter by other appliances
0	A close up of a blender outside on the sidewalk.
1	a close towards of a blender outside on the sidewalk.
0	A blender sits on the concrete next to some greenery.
1	a blender sits upon the concrete next to some greenery.
0	A blender sitting on the side of a grassy area.
1	a blender sitting upon the side of a grassy area.
0	A crowd of diners at a table with hamburgers.
1	a crowd of diners across a table with hamburgers.
0	The women are performing a group craft activity in the mall's common area
1	the women are performing a group craft activity beside the mall's common area
0	The group of many different people are sitting together.
1	the group of many like people are sitting together.
0	Earthen toned clay pot displayed on hard surface.
1	earthen toned clay pot displayed with hard surface.
0	a close up of a cup on a pillow
1	a close towards of a cup on a pillow
0	A ceramic pot sits on top of a pillow.
1	a ceramic pot sits behind top of a pillow.
0	A ceramic pot is resting on a table
1	a ceramic pot is resting over a table
1	earthen toned clay pot displayed on simple surface.
0	an image of a stuffed teddy bear on a bed
1	an image of a stuffed teddy bear in a bed
0	a close up of a stuffed animal in a corner
1	a close towards of a stuffed animal in a corner
0	A Winnie-the-Pooh plus animal is sat up in a corner.
1	a winnie-the-pooh plus animal is sat up beside a corner.
0	A quesadilla wrapped in plastic sitting on top of a table.
1	a quesadilla wrapped in plastic sitting in top of a table.
0	A plastic bag with flat bread and an egg in it
1	a plastic bag with flat bread and an egg beside it
0	Man sitting at yellow covered table at outdoor eating area.
1	man sitting at yellow covered table across outdoor eating area.
0	A man sitting at a table with a plate and two wine bottles.
1	a man sitting at a table on a plate and two wine bottles.
0	a man with beer or wine smiles at the camera
1	a man with beer or wine smiles beside the camera
0	A man smiling while sitting at the dinner table.
1	a man smiling while sitting across the dinner table.
0	A man is sitting at a table with bottles on it smiling.
1	a man is sitting at a table on bottles on it smiling.
1	man sitting at yellow covered table at indoor eating area.
0	A man with an umbrella is standing in front of a shop.
1	a man with an umbrella is standing over front of a shop.
0	A man holding an umbrella standing on a corner.
1	a man holding an umbrella standing upon a corner.
0	A man standing in the rain at night.
1	a man standing in the rain over night.
0	A man in black coat standing under umbrella next to a building.
1	a man at black coat standing under umbrella next to a building.
0	A woman walking a bike next to a river with a boat in it.
1	a woman walking a bike next to a river with a boat under it.
0	A woman in a pink shirt walks next to a bike that carries her baby, next to a river.
1	a woman over a pink shirt walks next to a bike that carries her baby, next to a river.
0	A boat on a river while a woman on a bicycle with a baby stands on the bank.
1	a boat on a river while a woman on a bicycle with a baby stands behind the bank.
0	a female with a small infant riding a bicycle near a boat and river
1	a female with a small infant riding a bicycle upon a boat and river
0	People are milling about on a city street.
1	people are milling about upon a city street.
0	The people are walking and riding bicycles on the busy streets.
1	the people are walking and riding bicycles over the busy streets.
0	a road busy with some people on bikes and some kids walking
1	a road busy with some people over bikes and some kids walking
0	A man standing in front of a bathroom mirror.
1	a man standing upon front of a bathroom mirror.
0	A man in a bathroom looking in a mirror
1	a man in a bathroom looking under a mirror
0	A photo-shopped picture of a man standing in a bathroom.
1	a photo-shopped picture of a man standing upon a bathroom.
0	A man stands in front of a large mirror in the bathroom.
1	a man stands in front of a large mirror beside the bathroom.
0	Several people with bicycles on a sidewalk outside a restaurant.
1	several people with bicycles on a sidewalk towards a restaurant.
0	some people standing outside of a chinese restaurant
1	some people standing inside of a chinese restaurant
0	The people are waiting outside with their bicycles
1	the people are waiting towards with their bicycles
0	A crowd of people outside a store with bikes
1	a crowd of people within a store with bikes
0	Adults with bikes crowd downtown sidewalk outside of local business.
1	adults with bikes crowd downtown sidewalk underneath of local business.
0	A mirror in front of a large glass window displays a bathroom.
1	a mirror over front of a large glass window displays a bathroom.
0	a person riding a long skateboard on a side walk
1	a person riding a long skateboard in a side walk
0	A man assists a girl on a bike without handlebars.
1	a man assists a girl upon a bike without handlebars.
0	A woman riding a bike next to a man on a sidewalk.
1	a woman riding a bike next to a man in a sidewalk.
1	a person riding a short skateboard on a side walk
0	A bathroom being renovated with pipes in the wall
1	a bathroom being renovated with pipes at the wall
0	A walk in shower in a dilapidated bathroom.
1	a walk upon shower in a dilapidated bathroom.
0	Two clown pictures are hanging on the wall behind the urinal that has a wine glass sitting on top of it.
1	two clown pictures are hanging on the wall beside the urinal that has a wine glass sitting on top of it.
0	A bathroom stall with a urinal and pictures of clowns on the wall.
1	a bathroom stall with a urinal and pictures of clowns beside the wall.
0	A urinal in a bathroom with a picture of two clowns.
1	a urinal over a bathroom with a picture of two clowns.
0	A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a wall.
1	a white toilet sitting under a bathroom next to a wall.
0	A toilet is used for outdoor decoration beside a log cabin building.
1	a toilet is used for outdoor decoration at a log cabin building.
0	A toilet seat full of dirt and dead plants sits on a side walk.
1	a toilet seat full of dirt and dead plants sits upon a side walk.
0	A toilet sitting outside with plants growing inside it.
1	a toilet sitting outside with plants growing up it.
0	A toilet is being used as a plant pot outside.
1	a toilet is being used as a plant pot underneath.
1	a toilet is used for indoor decoration beside a log cabin building.
0	A group of people riding on the back of motor bikes.
1	a group of people riding with the back of motor bikes.
0	Two guys on scooters with two young kids.
1	two guys in scooters with two young kids.
0	A group of people on a motor bike on the road.
1	a group of people on a motor bike over the road.
0	a couple of motorcycles that have some people on them
1	a couple of motorcycles that have some people beside them
1	two guys on scooters with two happy kids.
0	A man standing in the middle of several parked motorcycles.
1	a man standing upon the middle of several parked motorcycles.
0	Living room area with pass bar leading to kitchen in residence.
1	living room area with pass bar leading to kitchen upon residence.
0	A dog sitting in front of a brown wooden door.
1	a dog sitting under front of a brown wooden door.
0	Dog lays down in front of two closed glass doors inside a house.
1	dog lays down over front of two closed glass doors inside a house.
0	A plane getting ready to land on a runway with another parked on the side or waiting to take off.
1	a plane getting ready to land on a runway with another parked in the side or waiting to take off.
0	A plane getting ready to land on a runway.
1	a plane getting ready to land beside a runway.
0	A small aircraft preparing to land on a small airstrip
1	a small aircraft preparing to land over a small airstrip
0	a  plane flying over a green field and wooden fence approaching a landing strip.
1	a plane flying on a green field and wooden fence approaching a landing strip.
0	An airport with an airplane in the air.
1	an airport with an airplane under the air.
0	An air plane going down the runway on a clear day.
1	an air plane going down the runway over a clear day.
0	a large air plane on a run way
1	a large air plane behind a run way
0	A large jumbo jet with huge wings is on the runway.
1	a large jumbo jet with tiny wings is on the runway.
0	Two small airplanes parked on a lush green field.
1	two small airplanes parked with a lush green field.
0	Two small planes parked in an open grassy field.
1	two small planes parked under an open grassy field.
0	THERE ARE TWO AIR PLANES PARKED ON THE GRASS
1	there are two air planes parked in the grass
0	Two propeller aircraft parked outside a rural hangar.
1	two propeller aircraft parked inside a rural hangar.
0	Two planes sit together on the grass.
1	two planes sit together with the grass.
1	two propeller aircraft parked outside a urban hangar.
0	A very close up look at a traffic signal by a building.
1	a very close up look behind a traffic signal by a building.
0	The hanging traffic light shows green on one side and red on the other.
1	the hanging traffic light shows green on one side and red upon the other.
0	A street light in front of a building.
1	a street light at front of a building.
0	A man sitting on a bench holding a wooden guitar.
1	a man sitting beside a bench holding a wooden guitar.
0	A man playing a guitar while sitting on a park bench.
1	a man playing a guitar while sitting upon a park bench.
0	A man sitting on a wooden bench playing a guitar in a park.
1	a man sitting in a wooden bench playing a guitar in a park.
0	A man sitting on a bench playing the guitar.
1	a man sitting over a bench playing the guitar.
0	A man seated on a bench plays the guitar.
1	a man seated behind a bench plays the guitar.
0	Several giraffes standing around in the dirt near trees.
1	several giraffes standing around at the dirt near trees.
0	A large group of giraffes roaming around in an enclosure.
1	a large group of giraffes roaming around under an enclosure.
0	Giraffes out in the wild near trees
1	giraffes out in the wild below trees
0	Two giraffes that are standing in the dirt.
1	two giraffes that are standing upon the dirt.
0	Pair of giraffes eating from Highbranches in zoo
1	pair of giraffes eating from highbranches under zoo
0	Two giraffes standing in the wild near trees.
1	two giraffes standing in the wild below trees.
0	Two giraffes standing inside an enclosure eating from trees.
1	two giraffes standing up an enclosure eating from trees.
0	A large giraffe is standing in a vast green field.
1	a large giraffe is standing upon a vast green field.
0	A giraffe standing on top of a lush green field.
1	a giraffe standing in top of a lush green field.
0	A giraffe that is standing in the grass.
1	a giraffe that is standing over the grass.
0	A group of people and a large truck on a street.
1	a group of people and a large truck with a street.
0	Open air tour bus parked by the sidewalk on a city street.
1	open air tour bus parked by the sidewalk behind a city street.
0	A couple of people walking down the side walk near a a convertible bus.
1	a couple of people walking down the side walk across a a convertible bus.
0	A  large tour bus parked near a street curb
1	a large tour bus parked in a street curb
0	A woman sitting on a hydrant in front of a shop.
1	a woman sitting on a hydrant under front of a shop.
0	A woman leaning against on a fire hydrant on the street.
1	a woman leaning against in a fire hydrant on the street.
0	A black and white photo of a woman sitting on a fire hydrant near a flower shop.
1	a black and white photo of a woman sitting over a fire hydrant near a flower shop.
0	four people sitting on a bench and some pink flowers
1	four people sitting behind a bench and some pink flowers
0	Two couples sit on a bench in front of bushes with pink flowers.
1	two couples sit upon a bench in front of bushes with pink flowers.
0	Four people sit on a bench in front of bushes with flowers
1	four people sit on a bench upon front of bushes with flowers
0	A group of four friends on a bench in front of flowers.
1	a group of four friends on a bench beside front of flowers.
0	a group of people sitting on a bench in front of some blooming flowers
1	a group of people sitting over a bench in front of some blooming flowers
0	a public transit bus on a city street
1	a public transit bus in a city street
0	A man in a uniform stands in front of a red, white and blue bus and holds a cell phone in his hand on a residential street.
1	a man over a uniform stands in front of a red, white and blue bus and holds a cell phone in his hand on a residential street.
0	Police officer standing in front of a public transportation bus.
1	police officer standing beside front of a public transportation bus.
0	A street sign beside a tree on the street.
1	a street sign at a tree on the street.
0	Blue sign with man and woman symbols on a street.
1	blue sign with man and woman symbols in a street.
0	A bus with a mural on the side and front.
1	a bus with a mural with the side and front.
0	A bus that is on the side of the road.
1	a bus that is behind the side of the road.
0	A colorful bus with Chinese lettering on the side.
1	a colorful bus on chinese lettering on the side.
0	A bus with a grass design on the side.
1	a bus on a grass design on the side.
0	a street sign on a metal pole next to a paved road.
1	a street sign upon a metal pole next to a paved road.
0	two street signs on a near a tree
1	two street signs behind a near a tree
0	There is a television that is on and signs nearby.
1	there is a television that is behind and signs nearby.
0	A television with a man on a talk show in a political position on it.
1	a television with a man on a talk show in a political position beside it.
0	a television screen with John McCain on it
1	a television screen with john mccain with it
0	A political figure is on the Television near the blue signs.
1	a political figure is behind the television near the blue signs.
0	A bird sitting on top of a log in a lake.
1	a bird sitting in top of a log in a lake.
0	a bird that is standing on a log in water
1	a bird that is standing behind a log in water
0	A bird standing on a log in water
1	a bird standing in a log in water
0	A long legged bird sitting on a log near the water.
1	a long legged bird sitting on a log below the water.
1	a short legged bird sitting on a log near the water.
0	A crowd of people standing under a give way sign.
1	a crowd of people standing behind a give way sign.
0	People on a city street near a traffic sign.
1	people on a city street upon a traffic sign.
0	A woman sitting on top of a bed with curtains hanging over it.
1	a woman sitting on top of a bed with curtains hanging below it.
0	Two people that are laying in bunk beds and looking up.
1	two people that are laying beside bunk beds and looking up.
0	A person is sitting behind a curtain with another person behind them.
1	a person is sitting in a curtain with another person behind them.
0	A guy peeks out from behind a curtain.
1	a guy peeks out from beside a curtain.
0	Two parrots sit on different high branches and face each other.
1	two parrots sit beside different high branches and face each other.
0	Two brightly colored parrots in a tree looking at one another.
1	two brightly colored parrots in a tree looking across one another.
0	A couple of parrots sitting on tree tops looking stoic.
1	a couple of parrots sitting beside tree tops looking stoic.
1	two parrots sit on like high branches and face each other.
0	A train approaching a station with a man and a bike on it.
1	a train approaching a station with a man and a bike behind it.
0	A person getting off a bike and a train coming on the tracks.
1	a person getting off a bike and a train coming beside the tracks.
0	A group of people enjoying a barbecue near some trees.
1	a group of people enjoying a barbecue over some trees.
0	A park with lots of street signs signs posted outside of it.
1	a park with lots of street signs signs posted underneath of it.
0	a lot of street signs near one another on a tree
1	a lot of street signs near one another over a tree
0	People are gathered on a sidewalk under some trees.
1	people are gathered on a sidewalk beside some trees.
0	A busy walkway at an urban city park.
1	a busy walkway upon an urban city park.
0	A passenger train passes a freight train traveling in opposite directions
1	a passenger train passes a freight train traveling upon opposite directions
0	Two trains that are sitting near each other.
1	two trains that are sitting in each other.
0	a close up of a train on field of green grass
1	a close up of a train behind field of green grass
0	an old rusty looking train with patches of paint on it
1	an old rusty looking train on patches of paint on it
0	A train sitting on train tracks near a tree.
1	a train sitting beside train tracks near a tree.
0	A large train on a track by some trees.
1	a large train behind a track by some trees.
0	A parking meter machine covered in ice surrounded by snow.
1	a parking meter machine covered under ice surrounded by snow.
0	A parking meter covered in snow with a snow covered car next to it.
1	a parking meter covered beside snow with a snow covered car next to it.
0	A snow covered parking lot meter in front of a building
1	a snow covered parking lot meter under front of a building
0	A pickup truck towing a boat on a trailer.
1	a pickup truck towing a boat behind a trailer.
0	A white truck hauling a white boat parked on the side of a road.
1	a white truck hauling a white boat parked in the side of a road.
0	a truck in the reflection on a car mirror
1	a truck under the reflection on a car mirror
0	the reflection of a white truck in a mirror
1	the reflection of a white truck at a mirror
0	a mirror that has a truck in the reflection
1	a mirror that has a truck under the reflection
0	A car and a large truck on a city street.
1	a car and a large truck behind a city street.
0	A car sitting in the middle of the road near a construction vehicle.
1	a car sitting at the middle of the road near a construction vehicle.
0	A red car on street with utility vehicles in background.
1	a red car with street with utility vehicles in background.
0	The little black kitten is sitting inside a black bag.
1	the little black kitten is sitting up a black bag.
0	The black kitten is sitting inside of a bag.
1	the black kitten is sitting up of a bag.
0	A brown kitten sits in a small bag.
1	a brown kitten sits upon a small bag.
0	A kitten sits in an open bag with a zipper.
1	a kitten sits upon an open bag with a zipper.
0	a little puppy dog in some kind of bag
1	a little puppy dog upon some kind of bag
0	A tiny dog inside of a blue purse.
1	a tiny dog up of a blue purse.
0	A very small dog sitting in a shoe.
1	a very small dog sitting over a shoe.
1	a huge dog inside of a blue purse.
0	Guys on motorcycles rides along side cars and behind a truck filled with people in the back.
1	guys on motorcycles rides along side cars and behind a truck filled with people at the back.
0	Two motorcyclists are traveling behind a truck full of day workers.
1	two motorcyclists are traveling below a truck full of day workers.
0	The two motorcycles are in the middle of traffic.
1	the two motorcycles are under the middle of traffic.
0	There are men riding motorcycles on a crowded street.
1	there are men riding motorcycles upon a crowded street.
0	a couple of cows are laying in a field
1	a couple of cows are laying beside a field
0	A large tan cow laying in a field with three calves.
1	a large tan cow laying under a field with three calves.
0	A group of people are on bikes on a busy street.
1	a group of people are on bikes upon a busy street.
0	Motorcycles and cars are causing heavy traffic in the street.
1	motorcycles and cars are causing heavy traffic under the street.
0	A field of cows grazing near a barn.
1	a field of cows grazing over a barn.
0	A group of cows stand and lay within a field.
1	a group of cows stand and lay inside a field.
0	A yellow and white cat sitting next to a book on a bed.
1	a yellow and white cat sitting next to a book upon a bed.
0	An orange cat is on a quilt like bedspread.
1	an orange cat is in a quilt like bedspread.
0	An orange and white cat laying on top of a blanket next to a joyce name plate.
1	an orange and white cat laying upon top of a blanket next to a joyce name plate.
0	an orange and white cat sitting on a bed staring at the viewer
1	an orange and white cat sitting behind a bed staring at the viewer
0	A cat sitting in window sill next to a cat sleeping on a bed.
1	a cat sitting upon window sill next to a cat sleeping on a bed.
0	A cat sleeps on a blanket while another cat peers out a window.
1	a cat sleeps in a blanket while another cat peers out a window.
0	A orange tabby cat sitting on a room pass thru while a black cat sleeps on a couch.
1	a orange tabby cat sitting beside a room pass thru while a black cat sleeps on a couch.
0	a car parked in a lot near many other cars
1	a car parked over a lot near many other cars
0	A modified Chevrolet S-10 pickup at a car show with people passing by and looking.
1	a modified chevrolet s-10 pickup beside a car show with people passing by and looking.
0	A little white kitten looking out of a broken window in a vacant house.
1	a little white kitten looking out of a broken window over a vacant house.
0	A kitten looks over a window sill at the camera
1	a kitten looks over a window sill beside the camera
0	A truck that is sitting in the street.
1	a truck that is sitting upon the street.
0	a couple of dogs that are sitting in a boat
1	a couple of dogs that are sitting at a boat
0	A view of a person and their two dogs in a boat in a lake.
1	a view of a person and their two dogs under a boat in a lake.
0	There are some big dogs in the boat with the man.
1	there are some big dogs under the boat with the man.
0	Two dogs sit with their owner on a boat.
1	two dogs sit with their owner over a boat.
0	two black dogs standing on a boat with a guy
1	two black dogs standing in a boat with a guy
0	A cat lies asleep on top of a remote control.
1	a cat lies asleep with top of a remote control.
0	CAT IN A CHAIR SLEEPING ON TOP OF A REMOTE
1	cat in a chair sleeping beside top of a remote
0	A cat leans on the remote control for a nap.
1	a cat leans in the remote control for a nap.
0	A cat laying down with its head on a remote control.
1	a cat laying down with its head over a remote control.
0	BEAUTIFUL CANAL WITH BRICK BRICK WALLS AND  CASTLE LIKE BUILDING IN BACKGROUND
1	beautiful canal with brick brick walls and castle like building at background
0	A tour boat is docked along the bank of a river in France.
1	a tour boat is docked along the bank of a river at france.
0	Boat docked at pier near scenic building on cloudy day.
1	boat docked at pier near scenic building behind cloudy day.
0	Two white boats on dock next to large tan building.
1	two white boats beside dock next to large tan building.
0	The very long white boat is docked at a river tourist stop.
1	ugly canal with brick brick walls and castle like building in background
1	the very short white boat is docked at a river tourist stop.
0	A canoe in the water near grass and a house.
1	a canoe beside the water near grass and a house.
0	A body of calm water with a wooden canoe docked on the side and a home across the water.
1	a body of calm water with a wooden canoe docked on the side and a home over the water.
0	A news caster sitting in front of a screen.
1	a news caster sitting under front of a screen.
0	A man in a dark suit stands at a counter while another man holding a red folder and wears glasses stands next to him.
1	a man in a dark suit stands upon a counter while another man holding a red folder and wears glasses stands next to him.
0	two people walking on a side walk sharing an umbrella
1	two people walking behind a side walk sharing an umbrella
0	A man and woman walking huddled under an umbrella.
1	a man and woman walking huddled behind an umbrella.
0	Two people walking under an umbrella on a street near some benches and a motorcycle.
1	two people walking under an umbrella on a street over some benches and a motorcycle.
0	The couple is walking in the rain with their umbrella up.
1	the couple is walking over the rain with their umbrella up.
0	Two people snuggled together under and umbrella waling down a street.
1	two people snuggled together behind and umbrella waling down a street.
0	Man standing on a stage in front of a microphone.
1	man standing over a stage in front of a microphone.
0	A man in an orange tie speaks to a crowd.
1	a man beside an orange tie speaks to a crowd.
0	A man dressed in business attire speaking into a microphone.
1	a man dressed beside business attire speaking into a microphone.
0	Several tables with chairs and umbrellas with people sitting at some of them.
1	several tables with chairs and umbrellas with people sitting beside some of them.
0	People sitting at tables together inside of a cafe-style restaurant that is colored in pinks and greens.
1	people sitting beside tables together inside of a cafe-style restaurant that is colored in pinks and greens.
0	Diners sit and talk in brightly colored chairs underneath umbrellas.
1	diners sit and talk at brightly colored chairs underneath umbrellas.
0	a number of people walking on a city street holding umbrellas
1	a number of people walking with a city street holding umbrellas
0	People are walking on a rainy street with umbrellas.
1	people are walking in a rainy street with umbrellas.
0	People walking in the rain in a busy city.
1	people walking in the rain under a busy city.
0	A man holding a black umbrella walks near a man who has two dogs on leashes down a park path.
1	a man holding a black umbrella walks near a man who has two dogs in leashes down a park path.
0	A baby elephant looking at a white duck.
1	a baby elephant looking upon a white duck.
0	A baby elephant looking at a small white bird on the ground
1	a baby elephant looking beside a small white bird on the ground
0	A baby elephant looking at a bird in the wilderness.
1	a baby elephant looking at a bird at the wilderness.
0	A cute baby elephant looking at a white bird.
1	a cute baby elephant looking upon a white bird.
0	A woman underneath a umbrella on a street.
1	a woman inside a umbrella on a street.
0	two people standing and sitting behind a market stand
1	two people standing and sitting across a market stand
0	A woman stands under a shade in an Asian market next to a woman sitting.
1	a woman stands under a shade over an asian market next to a woman sitting.
0	A woman lugging a bag of luggage down an alley behind her.
1	a woman lugging a bag of luggage down an alley across her.
0	A woman pulling her suitcase on the sidewalk along a brick paved street
1	a woman pulling her suitcase beside the sidewalk along a brick paved street
0	A shadowed person is in an alley with a suitcase.
1	a shadowed person is under an alley with a suitcase.
0	Umbrellas in the trash and on the ground on a wet sidewalk.
1	umbrellas in the trash and behind the ground on a wet sidewalk.
0	A dog and a horse standing near each other.
1	a dog and a horse standing over each other.
0	Three animals are standing near a body of water.
1	three animals are standing over a body of water.
0	Two horses on a hillside with a Beagle dog.
1	two horses behind a hillside with a beagle dog.
0	a close up of a child wearing an umbrella hat
1	a close atop of a child wearing an umbrella hat
0	A boy that has an umbrella hat on his head.
1	a boy that has an umbrella hat with his head.
0	A boy is shown with an umbrella on his head.
1	a boy is shown with an umbrella beside his head.
0	A young boy wearing a colorful umbrella hat.
1	a happy boy wearing a colorful umbrella hat.
0	The woman grimaces in front of another girl who looks surprised.
1	the woman grimaces upon front of another girl who looks surprised.
0	Two women stand on a concrete sidewalk holding something.
1	two women stand upon a concrete sidewalk holding something.
0	the dog has a green frisbee behind it's head
1	the dog has a green frisbee beside it's head
0	The dog is playing with his toy Frisbee outside.
1	the dog is playing with his toy frisbee towards.
0	A dog holding a frisbee in his mouth on top of grass.
1	a dog holding a frisbee beside his mouth on top of grass.
0	Someone is stuffed in the black suitcase on the floor
1	someone is stuffed over the black suitcase on the floor
0	a blakc suitcase is sitting on a rug
1	a blakc suitcase is sitting in a rug
0	A woman talks on her cell phone on the busy sidewalk.
1	a woman talks beside her cell phone on the busy sidewalk.
0	A women who is on her cell phone outside.
1	a women who is over her cell phone outside.
0	A woman talking on her phone in the rain
1	a woman talking in her phone in the rain
0	A woman standing on a crowded sidewalk talking on a cell phone.
1	a woman standing in a crowded sidewalk talking on a cell phone.
0	A stuffed animal has been placed inside of blankets.
1	a stuffed animal has been placed beneath of blankets.
0	a close up of a teddy bear laying in blankets
1	a close up of a teddy bear laying at blankets
0	A teddy bear sits on top of the blanket.
1	a teddy bear sits over top of the blanket.
0	An umbrella blocks the sun beside a palm tree.
1	an umbrella blocks the sun behind a palm tree.
0	this is a mulicolored stripe sun umbrella near a palm tree
1	this is a mulicolored stripe sun umbrella upon a palm tree
0	the sun peeking through a colorful umbrella next to a palm tree
1	the sun peeking up a colorful umbrella next to a palm tree
0	Two people with red umbrellas talk outside a domed building.
1	two people on red umbrellas talk outside a domed building.
0	People are standing outside an old building with red umbrellas.
1	people are standing inside an old building with red umbrellas.
0	People on sidewalk with umbrellas in front of a building.
1	people behind sidewalk with umbrellas in front of a building.
0	A large black bear walks through the green terrain.
1	a large black bear walks around` the green terrain.
0	A bear and a bear cub walking through a forest area.
1	a bear and a bear cub walking around` a forest area.
0	A bear  that is in the grass in the wild.
1	a bear that is at the grass in the wild.
0	Dogs in a field with green grass during the day.
1	dogs under a field with green grass during the day.
0	The black dog in the middle of a group of dogs carries a disk in his mouth.
1	the black dog in the middle of a group of dogs carries a disk over his mouth.
0	A group of large dogs playing in the grass.
1	a group of large dogs playing under the grass.
0	Several dogs are outside in a fenced area.
1	several dogs are outside at a fenced area.
0	a man inside of a car holding a dog out of the window
1	a man around` of a car holding a dog out of the window
0	The driver holds the small dog out the car window while taking a reflective photo in the side mirror.
1	the driver holds the small dog out the car window while taking a reflective photo under the side mirror.
0	A person in shorts and no shirt running in the sand
1	a person over shorts and no shirt running in the sand
0	A man is catching a white Frisbee on the beach.
1	a man is catching a white frisbee upon the beach.
0	a zebra and some other animals on a trail
1	a zebra and some other animals beside a trail
0	A zebra walking in front of a couple of deer down a dirt road.
1	a zebra walking beside front of a couple of deer down a dirt road.
0	A white horse drawing a carriage through a street.
1	a white horse drawing a carriage up a street.
0	a man driving a horse pulled carriage through town
1	a man driving a horse pulled carriage within town
0	A man holding a whip, riding down the street in a horse and buggy.
1	a man holding a whip, riding down the street under a horse and buggy.
0	A man rides a horse and carriage through a busy city area
1	a man rides a horse and carriage outside a busy city area
0	a horse is standing in a green field
1	a horse is standing under a green field
0	two brown horses grazing in a fenced off field
1	two brown horses grazing beside a fenced off field
0	Two horses are grazing in a green field.
1	two horses are grazing under a green field.
0	Two brown horses in a pasture eating grass.
1	two brown horses under a pasture eating grass.
0	A woman walking a horse on some property with trees.
1	a woman walking a horse upon some property with trees.
0	A woman in high heels is leading a white horse with a rope.
1	a woman upon high heels is leading a white horse with a rope.
0	A woman leading a horse through an exercise yard.
1	a woman leading a horse around` an exercise yard.
0	An attractive young woman leads a grey horse through a paddock.
1	an attractive young woman leads a grey horse outside a paddock.
1	an attractive happy woman leads a grey horse through a paddock.
0	a lady on a bike and people riding a horse carriage
1	a lady upon a bike and people riding a horse carriage
0	a group of people on skis in the snow
1	a group of people in skis in the snow
0	The group of people smile in the snow wearing skis and a snowboard.
1	the group of people smile at the snow wearing skis and a snowboard.
0	Men and woman posing for a picture on skiis and a snowboard.
1	men and woman posing for a picture behind skiis and a snowboard.
0	A group of people standing next to each other on top of a snow covered ground.
1	a group of people standing next to each other over top of a snow covered ground.
0	A truck with a huge pile of banana stalks with a political painting on it.
1	a truck with a huge pile of banana stalks on a political painting on it.
0	A very big truck loaded up with a man's picture on it.
1	a very big truck loaded up with a man's picture upon it.
1	a truck with a tiny pile of banana stalks with a political painting on it.
0	Two people walking through the snow on skies.
1	two people walking up the snow on skies.
0	Two people with skis and ski poles are standing on snow next to trees
1	two people with skis and ski poles are standing beside snow next to trees
0	Two people on skis walking through the snow.
1	two people upon skis walking through the snow.
0	Two people on skis are moving on the snow.
1	two people with skis are moving on the snow.
0	A man is holding the hand of a child on a skateboard.
1	a man is holding the hand of a child upon a skateboard.
0	A man holding hands with a little boy on a skateboard.
1	a man holding hands with a little boy upon a skateboard.
0	A father and son playing at the park.
1	a father and son playing over the park.
0	A man and a young boy with the young boy on the skateboard.
1	a man and a happy boy with the young boy on the skateboard.
0	a number of people riding skis on a snowy surface
1	a number of people riding skis over a snowy surface
0	A group of people riding on skis on a snowy slope.
1	a group of people riding in skis on a snowy slope.
0	A white bowl of food on a table.
1	a white bowl of food behind a table.
0	A plate topped with mushrooms and broccoli covered in sesame seeds.
1	a plate topped with mushrooms and broccoli covered under sesame seeds.
0	People are preparing meals on a blanket covering the ground.
1	people are preparing meals upon a blanket covering the ground.
0	A sandwich sitting on top of a plate.
1	a sandwich sitting with top of a plate.
0	Mexican food is on a brightly colored paper plate.
1	mexican food is behind a brightly colored paper plate.
0	A puzzle piece shaped sandwich is packed in a container with fruit and veggie sides.
1	a puzzle piece shaped sandwich is packed at a container with fruit and veggie sides.
0	THERE ARE TOYS TAHT ARE ON THE BEACH
1	there are toys taht are upon the beach
0	Action figures put on skateboards on the street
1	action figures put on skateboards in the street
0	A number of action figures on the ground and two of them on skateboards.
1	a number of action figures on the ground and two of them upon skateboards.
0	Two skiers getting air time on the slopes.
1	two skiers getting air time upon the slopes.
0	Two skiers performing ski jumps together on downhill slope.
1	two skiers performing ski jumps together in downhill slope.
0	A group of guys skiing with a group of others in the background.
1	a group of guys skiing on a group of others in the background.
0	two people jumping in the air while wearing some skiis
1	two people jumping at the air while wearing some skiis
0	Person skateboarding up a sidewalk in a green sweatshirt.
1	person skateboarding up a sidewalk upon a green sweatshirt.
0	A guy skateboards down a sidewalk near a building.
1	a guy skateboards down a sidewalk in a building.
0	A man or woman is riding on a skateboard.
1	a man or woman is riding in a skateboard.
0	A young man stands on a skateboard on a sidewalk pathway near a street.
1	a young man stands on a skateboard on a sidewalk pathway below a street.
1	a happy man stands on a skateboard on a sidewalk pathway near a street.
0	A group of men riding skateboards on top of cement.
1	a group of men riding skateboards upon top of cement.
0	A man in white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
1	a man at white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
0	A group of skateboarders using the bench at a park
1	a group of skateboarders using the bench across a park
0	Teenagers are at a skateboard park with skateboards.
1	teenagers are behind a skateboard park with skateboards.
0	a person is on a skateboard sliding along a wall
1	a person is upon a skateboard sliding along a wall
0	A snowboarder in a plaid black jacket it catching air.
1	a snowboarder upon a plaid black jacket it catching air.
0	A young man riding a skateboard in a dark room in front of a light
1	a young man riding a skateboard upon a dark room in front of a light
0	A man wearing a plaid shirt is jumping on his skateboard.
1	a man wearing a plaid shirt is jumping beside his skateboard.
0	A man in long sleeves rides a skateboard.
1	a man in short sleeves rides a skateboard.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard in a dark room in front of a light
0	A snowboarder crouching on his board in mid air.
1	a snowboarder crouching on his board beside mid air.
0	a man is in the air on a snowboard
1	a man is in the air behind a snowboard
0	A man on a snowboard in mid air after a jump
1	a man on a snowboard under mid air after a jump
0	Snowboarder doing a big jump and trick in the air
1	snowboarder doing a big jump and trick beside the air
0	A snowboarder leaps high in the air and pulls his legs back.
1	a snowboarder leaps high upon the air and pulls his legs back.
0	View of donuts being made in a commercial kitchen.
1	view of donuts being made at a commercial kitchen.
0	Donuts are placed in a round pan after coming off of a machine.
1	donuts are placed beside a round pan after coming off of a machine.
0	There are a bunch of doughnuts on a metal tray
1	there are a bunch of doughnuts in a metal tray
0	A surfer in a black wet suit and a blue surfboard is standing on the beach.
1	a surfer upon a black wet suit and a blue surfboard is standing on the beach.
0	A man smiles on the beach with his surf board.
1	a man smiles in the beach with his surf board.
0	A bearded man in a wetsuit holding a surfboard.
1	a bearded man under a wetsuit holding a surfboard.
0	A man near the beach is holding a blue surfboard.
1	a man upon the beach is holding a blue surfboard.
0	A man holding a chocolate covered doughnut while sitting in a chair.
1	a man holding a chocolate covered doughnut while sitting under a chair.
0	Man is eating a chocolate frosted cupcake in an office
1	man is eating a chocolate frosted cupcake upon an office
0	A man in blue sweater vest holding a donut.
1	a man under blue sweater vest holding a donut.
0	A man with glasses sitting on a chair with a chocolate frosted donut in his hand.
1	a man with glasses sitting on a chair with a chocolate frosted donut over his hand.
0	A donut that is on top of a table.
1	a donut that is over top of a table.
0	A crumb-glazed doughnut rests on a plate.
1	a crumb-glazed doughnut rests beside a plate.
0	A crumb covered doughnut sitting on top of a plate on a table.
1	a crumb covered doughnut sitting on top of a plate with a table.
0	a couple of people on surf boards ride in the water
1	a couple of people over surf boards ride in the water
0	Two men who are in the water with surfboards.
1	two men who are in the water on surfboards.
0	Two surfers catching two separate waves in the ocean.
1	two surfers catching two separate waves at the ocean.
0	Two surfers are riding the waves in the ocean.
1	two surfers are riding the waves upon the ocean.
0	A person lying on a surfboard as others observe them.
1	a person lying over a surfboard as others observe them.
0	A group of people next to a person on a surfboard.
1	a group of people next to a person in a surfboard.
0	A group of people learning how to surf on a beach.
1	a group of people learning how to surf over a beach.
0	A woman walking across a sandy beach with a surfboard.
1	a woman walking upon a sandy beach with a surfboard.
0	a surfer walks on a beach in the sand and fog
1	a surfer walks over a beach in the sand and fog
0	A girl walking across the beach carrying her surfboard.
1	a girl walking beside the beach carrying her surfboard.
0	The man is surfing on a wave as another surfer is in the water nearby.
1	the man is surfing beside a wave as another surfer is in the water nearby.
0	A man who is on a surfboard in the water.
1	a man who is on a surfboard upon the water.
0	A couple of men riding surfboards on top of a wave.
1	a couple of men riding surfboards beside top of a wave.
0	People using surfboards in the water with waves.
1	people using surfboards over the water with waves.
0	A bed sitting in a bedroom next to a window under pictures.
1	a bed sitting in a bedroom next to a window across pictures.
0	A double bed in a hotel or motel setting.
1	a double bed at a hotel or motel setting.
0	a large bed that is in a bedroom
1	a large bed that is over a bedroom
0	A group of hot women laying in a white bed.
1	a group of hot women laying at a white bed.
0	Four pictures of four girls on a bed doing various poses.
1	four pictures of four girls beside a bed doing various poses.
0	A group of girls laughing in a bed.
1	a group of girls laughing under a bed.
0	Four girls sitting on a bed laughing and talking.
1	four girls sitting beside a bed laughing and talking.
0	There is a man walking towards the waves.
1	there is a man walking underneath the waves.
0	We see a young man running into the surf with his board.
1	we see a happy man running into the surf with his board.
0	A flat screen TV sitting across the way from a laptop.
1	a flat screen tv sitting upon the way from a laptop.
0	A living room with a television and computer turned on.
1	a living room with a television and computer turned beside.
0	Someone is sitting on their laptop in their living room near the television.
1	someone is sitting upon their laptop in their living room near the television.
0	A living room is shown, with CNN on the TV, while a person is holding a laptop.
1	a living room is shown, with cnn with the tv, while a person is holding a laptop.
0	Man and young boy on a couch in a living room.
1	man and young boy upon a couch in a living room.
0	A couch sitting in a living room next to two windows.
1	a couch sitting under a living room next to two windows.
0	A man and child sitting on a futon next to a chair and table.
1	a man and child sitting with a futon next to a chair and table.
0	A man on a laptop with a little girl laying down next to him .
1	a man in a laptop with a little girl laying down next to him.
1	man and happy boy on a couch in a living room.
0	Two men are riding bikes in front of the school
1	two men are riding bikes under front of the school
0	Adults riding bicycles on roadway near large white building.
1	adults riding bicycles on roadway below large white building.
0	A para-sailor on the water one sunny day.
1	a para-sailor behind the water one sunny day.
0	Wind surfer riding on a large green kite in the water.
1	wind surfer riding over a large green kite in the water.
0	A man kiteboarding over the ocean under a cloudy sky.
1	a man kiteboarding over the ocean near a cloudy sky.
0	A couple of birds are flying over the beach
1	a couple of birds are flying near the beach
0	A picture of a toaster painted on the side of a building.
1	a picture of a toaster painted beside the side of a building.
0	A wall painted in orange with a toaster.
1	a wall painted in orange on a toaster.
0	a close up of a toaster painted on a wall
1	a close up of a toaster painted in a wall
0	A pair of children sit at a table with pizza.
1	a pair of children sit behind a table with pizza.
0	Two kids sitting at a table outside with pizza on it.
1	two kids sitting at a table outside with pizza behind it.
0	Two kids are at an outdoor table eating pizza.
1	two kids are behind an outdoor table eating pizza.
0	Two children at a table with pizza and plates on it.
1	two children at a table with pizza and plates in it.
0	a person using a mouse and laptop on a table
1	a person using a mouse and laptop beside a table
0	A man holding a baby is playing on a computer.
1	a man holding a baby is playing beside a computer.
0	A man holding a baby and doing something on a laptop.
1	a man holding a baby and doing something in a laptop.
0	Two microwaves stacked on top of each other in a kitchen on a counter.
1	two microwaves stacked on top of each other over a kitchen on a counter.
0	A view of a side of a room in the daylight.
1	a view of a side of a room at the daylight.
0	Two microwaves that are stacked on top of each other.
1	two microwaves that are stacked in top of each other.
0	A stone backsplash covers the wall behind a cooktop stove.
1	a stone backsplash covers the wall below a cooktop stove.
0	A refrigerator with a lot of stains on it.
1	a refrigerator with a lot of stains over it.
0	Black and white photograph of a refrigerator in kitchen.
1	black and white photograph of a refrigerator over kitchen.
0	A somewhat dirty, older-looking two-door (top and bottom) refrigerator
1	a somewhat cheap, older-looking two-door (top and bottom) refrigerator
0	Two guys walking as look at their cellphones.
1	two guys walking as look across their cellphones.
0	Three people standing near each other holding cell phones
1	three people standing across each other holding cell phones
0	A man wearing girl jeans standing in from of two men exchanging something.
1	a man wearing girl jeans standing beside from of two men exchanging something.
0	some people standing in a group while looking at their cell phones
1	some people standing at a group while looking at their cell phones
0	A clown talking on a  phone next to a building.
1	a clown talking in a phone next to a building.
0	A man dressed as a clown talking on his phone.
1	a man dressed as a clown talking over his phone.
0	A smiling man in a brown shirt sitting in a table.
1	a smiling man in a brown shirt sitting beside a table.
0	A young man posing for a picture at the bar.
1	a young man posing for a picture over the bar.
0	A young man smiling and having a beverage.
0	A smiling young man rests with his elbow on a bar.
1	a happy man smiling and having a beverage.
1	a happy man posing for a picture at the bar.
1	a smiling happy man rests with his elbow on a bar.
0	Two young boys sitting on a bench texting on their cell phones.
1	two young boys sitting behind a bench texting on their cell phones.
0	Two little boys holding cell phones in their hands.
1	two little boys holding cell phones under their hands.
0	a couple of kids in yellow shirts are sitting together
1	a couple of kids beside yellow shirts are sitting together
0	Two boys in yellow shirts looking at cell phones
1	two boys in yellow shirts looking across cell phones
0	A few boys read comic books together outside
1	a few boys read comic books together towards
1	two happy boys sitting on a bench texting on their cell phones.
0	There are books, a pitcher of beer, a hard boiled egg in a glass cup, and a sandwich on a white plate, along with a fork and knife, on the table.
1	there are books, a pitcher of beer, a hard boiled egg beside a glass cup, and a sandwich on a white plate, along with a fork and knife, on the table.
0	Bread in plate along with measuring cups with liquid and books on a table.
1	bread in plate along on measuring cups with liquid and books on a table.
0	a table covered with books, a sandwich, egg and a liquid in a cup
1	a table covered with books, a sandwich, egg and a liquid under a cup
1	there are books, a pitcher of beer, a simple boiled egg in a glass cup, and a sandwich on a white plate, along with a fork and knife, on the table.
0	A stove top oven with multiple compartments sitting in a kitchen.
1	a stove top oven with multiple compartments sitting upon a kitchen.
0	A kitchen scene with focus on an old fashioned oven.
1	a kitchen scene with focus with an old fashioned oven.
0	A room filled with different types of items all around.
1	a room filled with like types of items all around.
0	Pulling out a white partition on a small device.
1	pulling out a white partition beside a small device.
0	A person holds a curved object near a metal object.
1	a person holds a curved object in a metal object.
0	A giant pair of scissors hangs over the heads of the bicyclists.
1	a giant pair of scissors hangs near the heads of the bicyclists.
0	A group of bicyclists with "Running with Scissors" moto.
1	a group of bicyclists on "running with scissors" moto.
0	A group of people wearing yellow vests are on bikes.
1	a group of people wearing yellow vests are beside bikes.
0	A woman combing her hair with a brush outside at night
1	a woman combing her hair with a brush outside behind night
0	A woman in a coat outside brushing her hair.
1	a woman in a coat towards brushing her hair.
0	A pretty smiling lady holding something in the dark.
1	a pretty smiling lady holding something beside the dark.
0	A couple of clocks showing different time zones on the outside of a building.
1	a couple of clocks showing different time zones over the outside of a building.
0	A clock tower in Geneva with the clock being analog.
1	a clock tower upon geneva with the clock being analog.
0	A black and white photo of a geneva clock on a building
1	a black and white photo of a geneva clock with a building
1	a couple of clocks showing like time zones on the outside of a building.
0	a plate of food on that is sitting on a table
1	a plate of food in that is sitting on a table
0	A large white plate of food on a table.
1	a large white plate of food upon a table.
0	A white plate topped with three different types of foods.
1	a white plate topped with three like types of foods.
0	a table with many plates of food on top
1	a table with many plates of food in top
0	A table that has several plates of breakfast food on it.
1	a table that has several plates of breakfast food behind it.
0	A table is covered in breakfast foods at a Waffle House.
1	a table is covered in breakfast foods beside a waffle house.
0	A woman in vintage clothing carrying an umbrella
1	a woman over vintage clothing carrying an umbrella
0	a spoon handle lays on a table top
1	a spoon handle lays upon a table top
0	An old corroded spoon setting on a bamboo mat.
1	an old corroded spoon setting in a bamboo mat.
0	a close up of a spoon on a wooden surface
1	a close up of a spoon with a wooden surface
0	A large dark colored spoon sitting on a rack
1	a large dark colored spoon sitting behind a rack
0	A group of waiters standing in a line.
1	a group of waiters standing at a line.
0	Some men and women in white shirts and bow ties standing in a row.
1	some men and women over white shirts and bow ties standing in a row.
0	A glass next to a bottle on a table
1	a glass next to a bottle upon a table
0	THER IS A WINE THAT IS SITTING ON THE TABLE
1	ther is a wine that is sitting upon the table
0	A glass of campaign sitting on a table, ready to be served.
1	a glass of campaign sitting beside a table, ready to be served.
0	there is a bike that is parked on a small bridge
1	there is a bike that is parked beside a small bridge
0	A bike parked up against a  fence with a bag over it's seat.
1	a bike parked up against a fence with a bag on it's seat.
0	A bike parked in front of a store with a basket.
1	a bike parked under front of a store with a basket.
0	A woman's bicycle parked in between two mopeds out front of a building.
1	a woman's bicycle parked at between two mopeds out front of a building.
0	A bicycle parked in between several scooters in front of a store.
1	a bicycle parked beside between several scooters in front of a store.
0	The old-fashioned pink bike has a basket on it.
1	the old-fashioned pink bike has a basket beside it.
0	A bathroom scene with focus on the toilet.
1	a bathroom scene with focus over the toilet.
0	A blue toilet sitting in a corner of a bathroom.
1	a blue toilet sitting under a corner of a bathroom.
0	A blue toilet is sitting in a blue bathroom.
1	a blue toilet is sitting under a blue bathroom.
0	A simple blue bathroom with only one toilet.
1	a hard blue bathroom with only one toilet.
0	a couple of cats that are inside of a car
1	a couple of cats that are through of a car
0	Two cats sitting in a car on the passenger seat.
1	two cats sitting under a car on the passenger seat.
0	an image of a toilet that is sitting outside
1	an image of a toilet that is sitting underneath
0	A bicycle and a toilet sitting in front of a brick building.
1	a bicycle and a toilet sitting upon front of a brick building.
0	A toilet sitting on the street against a brick wall.
1	a toilet sitting beside the street against a brick wall.
0	A pavement on which there is a bicycle and a toilet.
1	a pavement over which there is a bicycle and a toilet.
0	A white toilet with a person leaving over it.
1	a white toilet with a person leaving at it.
0	a man is in the bathroom flushing the toilet
1	a man is under the bathroom flushing the toilet
0	a man that is bent over touching a toilet
1	a man that is bent on touching a toilet
0	A bunch of toilets sit on display with green tags.
1	a bunch of toilets sit on display on green tags.
0	Several toilets sit side by side with tags on them.
1	several toilets sit side by side with tags beside them.
0	A group of white toilets in a room that look for sale.
1	a group of white toilets beside a room that look for sale.
0	Three toilets in a room with stickers on two of the toilets.
1	three toilets in a room with stickers in two of the toilets.
0	A large number of motorcycles parked along side each other in a row.
1	a large number of motorcycles parked along side each other upon a row.
0	A black and white image of many motorcycles parked in a line.
1	a black and white image of many motorcycles parked beside a line.
0	A long line of motorcycles on the side of the road.
1	a long line of motorcycles behind the side of the road.
1	a short line of motorcycles on the side of the road.
0	A guy is riding on a motorcycle on a dirt track.
1	a guy is riding behind a motorcycle on a dirt track.
0	A man riding a dirt bike on top of a racing track.
1	a man riding a dirt bike with top of a racing track.
0	Someone riding their dirt bike in a field
1	someone riding their dirt bike beside a field
0	A man is on a dirt bike practicing for his upcoming race.
1	a man is in a dirt bike practicing for his upcoming race.
0	a motorcycle is sitting in a room with a table
1	a motorcycle is sitting over a room with a table
0	A picture of a full size motorcycle in an office.
1	a picture of a full size motorcycle beside an office.
0	A motorcycle beside office cubicles in a building.
1	a motorcycle beside office cubicles under a building.
0	a motorcycle sitting sitting in an office next to some desks
1	a motorcycle sitting sitting beside an office next to some desks
0	A cheese pizza sitting on top of white paper and a large plate.
1	a cheese pizza sitting in top of white paper and a large plate.
0	Cheese pizza is sliced into small pieces on a plate.
1	cheese pizza is sliced into small pieces beside a plate.
0	A delicious pizza sets on top of a plate.
1	a delicious pizza sets behind top of a plate.
0	The pizza has been cut into tiny square pieces.
1	the pizza has been cut into huge square pieces.
0	A dog sitting on the floor in a room.
1	a dog sitting behind the floor in a room.
0	A television screen is on and a dog is sitting in front of it.
1	a television screen is upon and a dog is sitting in front of it.
0	A dog sitting on the floor watching a television.
1	a dog sitting over the floor watching a television.
0	a dog looking at something on a tv
1	a dog looking upon something on a tv
0	a dog sitting in the living room while watching a tv monitor
1	a dog sitting over the living room while watching a tv monitor
0	Commercial jet passing overhead on bright cloudless sky.
1	commercial jet passing overhead in bright cloudless sky.
0	A large aircraft in the blue sky by itself
1	a large aircraft upon the blue sky by itself
0	A ground view of an airplane in the sky.
1	a ground view of an airplane over the sky.
0	A jet plane is flying across the sky.
1	a jet plane is flying upon the sky.
0	Several airplanes are parked neatly in a row.
1	several airplanes are parked neatly upon a row.
0	A group of three jetliners sitting on top of an airport tarmac.
1	a group of three jetliners sitting behind top of an airport tarmac.
0	The three airplanes are parked together on the runway at the airport.
1	the three airplanes are parked together with the runway at the airport.
0	Several commercial jets lined up at the gates at an airport.
1	several commercial jets lined up at the gates behind an airport.
0	some red and white jets parked and lined up at an airport
1	some red and white jets parked and lined up over an airport
0	Three kites in the air with many umbrellas on a beach
1	three kites in the air with many umbrellas over a beach
0	an image of a kite flying high in the air
1	an image of a kite flying high beside the air
0	A crowded beach with giant kites flying over head.
1	a crowded beach on giant kites flying over head.
0	The plane is flying through a clear blue sky.
1	the plane is flying around` a clear blue sky.
0	A white American Eagle plane flying in the sky.
1	a white american eagle plane flying under the sky.
0	An american eagle commercial plane flying in the sky
1	an american eagle commercial plane flying beside the sky
0	A commercial airplane flies through the sky to its destination.
1	a commercial airplane flies within the sky to its destination.
0	A passenger jet flies during daytime in the sky.
1	a passenger jet flies during daytime at the sky.
0	Street lamps illuminate a rain-soaked road in the city.
1	street lamps illuminate a rain-soaked road upon the city.
0	A red car stopped at a traffic light.
1	a red car stopped beside a traffic light.
0	A crow sitting on the top of a bench
1	a crow sitting over the top of a bench
0	A bird sitting on a park bench with a shadow filled area.
1	a bird sitting with a park bench with a shadow filled area.
0	This bird waited all day to get a seat on the bench.
1	this bird waited all day to get a seat in the bench.
0	A bird is sitting on a bench near a tree.
1	a bird is sitting beside a bench near a tree.
0	The bird is sitting on the abandoned bench.
1	the bird is sitting upon the abandoned bench.
0	a large air plane flying in the air
1	a large air plane flying at the air
0	a jumbo jet makes its way through the sky
1	a jumbo jet makes its way up the sky
0	A cat sitting on a wooden bench outside.
1	a cat sitting in a wooden bench outside.
0	The cat is enjoying a nap on the bench.
1	the cat is enjoying a nap over the bench.
0	A cat sleeping at the end of a bench.
1	a cat sleeping upon the end of a bench.
0	A cat sitting on a brown bench looking forward.
1	a cat sitting in a brown bench looking forward.
0	a close up of a cat sitting on a bench
1	a close atop of a cat sitting on a bench
0	An airplane flying through the clouds in the sky.
1	an airplane flying through the clouds upon the sky.
0	an airplane in the sky obscured by clouds
1	an airplane at the sky obscured by clouds
0	A airplane flying high in and above the clouds.
1	a airplane flying high upon and above the clouds.
0	A side view of a plane flying in the clear blue sky
1	a side view of a plane flying beside the clear blue sky
0	A passenger jet that is flying in the sky.
1	a passenger jet that is flying under the sky.
0	An airplane is flying through clear blue sky.
1	an airplane is flying outside clear blue sky.
0	A gray and blue plane flies in the blue sky.
1	a gray and blue plane flies beside the blue sky.
0	A green passenger jet is flying over a street light.
1	a green passenger jet is flying upon a street light.
0	A passenger jet that is flying in the air.
1	a passenger jet that is flying beside the air.
0	A large passenger jet flying through a  blue sky.
1	a large passenger jet flying outside a blue sky.
0	An elderly passenger seated inside a colorful train car.
1	an elderly passenger seated up a colorful train car.
0	The back of a man's head is shown on the bus.
1	the back of a man's head is shown in the bus.
0	A man in a suit sits alone on a bus.
1	a man upon a suit sits alone on a bus.
0	Parked buses have a tower reflected in the window.
1	parked buses have a tower reflected at the window.
0	A group of busses parked in a parking lot.
1	a group of busses parked beside a parking lot.
0	The reflection of a large metal structure in the windshield of a bus
1	the reflection of a large metal structure over the windshield of a bus
0	A woman sits alone reading a book on a metal bench outside.
1	a woman sits alone reading a book on a metal bench underneath.
0	a woman sitting on a bench reading a book
1	a woman sitting in a bench reading a book
0	a young woman sitting on a bench and reading a book
1	a young woman sitting behind a bench and reading a book
0	A girl reads her book on a bench.
1	a girl reads her book upon a bench.
1	a happy woman sitting on a bench and reading a book
0	Several giraffes are standing in a grassy plain.
1	several giraffes are standing at a grassy plain.
0	animals on a grassy path going toward the wind on a chase for food
1	animals on a grassy path going toward the wind with a chase for food
0	A group of several giraffes young and old are at a standstill.
1	a group of several giraffes young and old are beside a standstill.
1	a group of several giraffes happy and old are at a standstill.
0	A parking lot has many school buses parked in it.
1	a parking lot has many school buses parked beside it.
0	Many large yellow buses parked in a lot.
1	many large yellow buses parked beside a lot.
0	A row of yellow color buses are standing on the roadside.
1	a row of yellow color buses are standing beside the roadside.
0	A bus that is colored in the colors of the Canadian flag.
1	a bus that is colored upon the colors of the canadian flag.
0	A bus in Canada traveling along a mountainous terrain.
1	a bus upon canada traveling along a mountainous terrain.
0	A red and white bus on large wheels with mountains in the background.
1	a red and white bus over large wheels with mountains in the background.
0	a red and white bus with big wheels and ice explorer written on the side
1	a red and white bus with big wheels and ice explorer written over the side
0	This  red and white bus is parked on the road.
1	this red and white bus is parked with the road.
0	A yellow fire hydrant sits on the sidewalk.
1	a yellow fire hydrant sits in the sidewalk.
0	A yellow fire hydrant on the side of the road.
1	a yellow fire hydrant over the side of the road.
0	A woman in a coat walks along a snow covered sidewalk.
1	a woman beside a coat walks along a snow covered sidewalk.
0	People walking through the snow past park benches.
1	people walking around` the snow past park benches.
0	A fire station with a flag pole in front of it.
1	a fire station with a flag pole beside front of it.
0	A fire hydrant is in a grass field in front of a building.
1	a fire hydrant is in a grass field under front of a building.
0	A train covered in lots of graffiti on train tracks.
1	a train covered at lots of graffiti on train tracks.
0	Word of graffiti are painted on the side of a railroad car.
1	word of graffiti are painted with the side of a railroad car.
0	A green bus with passengers in a lot.
1	a green bus with passengers under a lot.
0	A classic green bus driving through a parking lot.
1	a classic green bus driving within a parking lot.
0	A green pea colored bus is driving through a parking lot.
1	a green pea colored bus is driving up a parking lot.
0	A transit bus sitting in a secluded parking lot.
1	a transit bus sitting upon a secluded parking lot.
0	Two small birds on a plate which is sitting on the floor.
1	two small birds on a plate which is sitting in the floor.
0	A bird looks at another as they bathe on a plate.
1	a bird looks over another as they bathe on a plate.
0	Two birds giving themselves a bath on a plate on an interior floor.
1	two birds giving themselves a bath on a plate over an interior floor.
0	Three small birds standing in a dish of fluid on a counter.
1	three small birds standing under a dish of fluid on a counter.
0	A herd of sheep grazing in a snow covered field.
1	a herd of sheep grazing at a snow covered field.
0	A group of sheep in snowy field with a fence and trees.
1	a group of sheep beside snowy field with a fence and trees.
0	Five sheep standing in the snow in a fence.
1	five sheep standing in the snow beside a fence.
0	A herd of sheep grazing in the snow
1	a herd of sheep grazing at the snow
0	A swan floating in the water near a tree branch.
1	a swan floating under the water near a tree branch.
0	A white bird wading in the water near the banks
1	a white bird wading beside the water near the banks
0	a white swan is swimming through the water
1	a white swan is swimming around` the water
0	Giraffes and a bird behind a chain link fence at a zoo
1	giraffes and a bird near a chain link fence at a zoo
0	Two giraffes that are together in an enclosure.
1	two giraffes that are together upon an enclosure.
0	Two giraffes stare at a crane from behind a fence.
1	two giraffes stare across a crane from behind a fence.
0	Two giraffes inside of a cage at the zoo.
1	two giraffes up of a cage at the zoo.
0	a person walks along a beach as some bird play in the water
1	a person walks along a beach as some bird play over the water
0	A woman walking in the sand near the water where birds are gathering.
1	a woman walking in the sand over the water where birds are gathering.
0	A woman walking down a beach with a flock of seagulls in the water.
1	a woman walking down a beach with a flock of seagulls upon the water.
0	A person standing on a sandy beach near the ocean.
1	a person standing in a sandy beach near the ocean.
0	A parked snow mobile siting on the side of a train.
1	a parked snow mobile siting behind the side of a train.
0	A snowmobile on snow during the day near a train.
1	a snowmobile beside snow during the day near a train.
0	A snow mobile parked outside a train with people unloading cargo.
1	a snow mobile parked underneath a train with people unloading cargo.
0	A snowmobile parked in front of a train.
1	a snowmobile parked under front of a train.
0	A flock of white sheep in a green field.
1	a flock of white sheep under a green field.
0	A herd of sheep stand together in the grass.
1	a herd of sheep stand together over the grass.
0	A flock of black-faced sheep in a green pasture near a farm.
1	a flock of black-faced sheep upon a green pasture near a farm.
0	A herd of sheep standing together grazing in a pasture.
1	a herd of sheep standing together grazing beside a pasture.
0	A picture through a train window of another train.
1	a picture outside a train window of another train.
0	Bicyclist sign attached to a wall beside a window.
1	bicyclist sign attached to a wall behind a window.
0	a close up of a street sign attached to a building
1	a close within of a street sign attached to a building
0	Signs and light fixture on outside of a building.
1	signs and light fixture with outside of a building.
0	A sign depicting a cycler hanging on a brick building.
1	a sign depicting a cycler hanging in a brick building.
0	A advertising billboard next to a street light at night.
1	a advertising billboard next to a street light over night.
0	a close up of a street sign with a dark background
1	a close up of a street sign on a dark background
0	Two signs giving directions to Wunning Rd in English and Chinese
1	two signs giving directions to wunning rd under english and chinese
0	The two street signs have two languages on them.
1	the two street signs have two languages behind them.
0	A train traveling past some tall buildings near a power line.
1	a train traveling past some tall buildings in a power line.
0	A long train comes down the tracks through the city.
0	Black and white photo of a long train.
1	a short train comes down the tracks through the city.
1	black and white photo of a short train.
0	There is graffiti sprayed on the stop sign
1	there is graffiti sprayed upon the stop sign
0	Dead plants on a sidewalk of a busy city street.
1	dead plants with a sidewalk of a busy city street.
0	A bunch of planters with dead plants in them.
1	a bunch of planters on dead plants in them.
0	SEVERAL POTTED PLANTS AND YARD ORNAMENTS ON THE SIDEWALK
1	several potted plants and yard ornaments beside the sidewalk
0	A tree on the sidewalk of a road in a city area.
1	a tree on the sidewalk of a road upon a city area.
0	a street with cars parked on the sides
1	a street with cars parked over the sides
0	A close up of a flower with a blurry parking meter in the background.
1	a close up of a flower with a blurry parking meter under the background.
0	A red and yellow flower with rain droplets in front of a parking meter.
1	a red and yellow flower with rain droplets under front of a parking meter.
0	Two men sitting on the back of a truck.
1	two men sitting behind the back of a truck.
0	Two people sit in the bed of a pickup truck holding dogs.
1	two people sit beside the bed of a pickup truck holding dogs.
0	Two people are sitting on a tailgate with a dog.
1	two people are sitting beside a tailgate with a dog.
0	A bunch of different types of shoes on a rack.
1	a bunch of different types of shoes behind a rack.
0	a bunch of pairs of shoes on some racks
1	a bunch of pairs of shoes in some racks
0	A shelf filled with lots of different pairs of shoes .
1	a shelf filled with lots of like pairs of shoes.
1	a bunch of like types of shoes on a rack.
0	Driving a front loader on to a trailer
1	driving a front loader beside to a trailer
0	Small herd of grazing cattle in field of farm land.
1	small herd of grazing cattle under field of farm land.
0	A field of cows grazing on grass around trees.
1	a field of cows grazing beside grass around trees.
0	A heard of cattle graze in a pasture under a lone tree.
1	a heard of cattle graze beside a pasture under a lone tree.
0	A pastoral area has trees, overgrown vegetation, and a line of barrels in its furthest part, while beyond the barrel line, in the foreground, sits an area of short grass that is being grazed by several knots of cows.
1	a pastoral area has trees, overgrown vegetation, and a line of barrels upon its furthest part, while beyond the barrel line, in the foreground, sits an area of short grass that is being grazed by several knots of cows.
1	a pastoral area has trees, overgrown vegetation, and a line of barrels in its furthest part, while beyond the barrel line, in the foreground, sits an area of long grass that is being grazed by several knots of cows.
0	A mouse is wrapped in its own cord and wrapped in a backpack.
1	a mouse is wrapped at its own cord and wrapped in a backpack.
0	A large piece of green luggage sitting on the ground.
1	a large piece of green luggage sitting with the ground.
0	A herd of cattle standing on a lush green hillside.
1	a herd of cattle standing upon a lush green hillside.
0	Cows stand in a pasture on the side of a hill.
1	cows stand in a pasture beside the side of a hill.
0	A group of bulls walking down a road in a field.
1	a group of bulls walking down a road beside a field.
0	Cattle walking in open rutted field on sunny day.
1	cattle walking upon open rutted field on sunny day.
0	Three cows are standing together in a line.
1	three cows are standing together beside a line.
0	A brown dog rides in a boat as a girl in a yellow life jacket rows.
1	a brown dog rides over a boat as a girl in a yellow life jacket rows.
0	A woman riding in a paddle boat with a large brown dog.
1	a woman riding in a paddle boat on a large brown dog.
0	A woman and a dog are riding in a canoe.
1	a woman and a dog are riding at a canoe.
0	Woman with life jacket and dog in rowboat near shoreline.
1	woman with life jacket and dog at rowboat near shoreline.
0	A woman in a yellow life jacket rows a boat with a dog.
1	a woman under a yellow life jacket rows a boat with a dog.
0	A cow that is grazing on some grass.
1	a cow that is grazing with some grass.
0	There is one cow in the field by itself.
1	there is one cow at the field by itself.
0	A black cow is grazing some grass on a sunny day.
1	a black cow is grazing some grass in a sunny day.
0	The large cow is grazing on the grassy field.
1	the large cow is grazing beside the grassy field.
0	A smiling man in a suit stand before a rock wall.
1	a smiling man beside a suit stand before a rock wall.
0	a picture of a male with a suit and a tie on
1	a picture of a male on a suit and a tie on
0	a small boat on a beat near a body of water
1	a small boat upon a beat near a body of water
0	A long canoe sitting in the middle of an empty beach.
1	a long canoe sitting over the middle of an empty beach.
0	A small boat on the sand on a beach
1	a small boat on the sand behind a beach
1	a short canoe sitting in the middle of an empty beach.
0	Looking at a barge cross a channel of water under a cloudy sky
1	looking across a barge cross a channel of water under a cloudy sky
0	A pier with many boats and docks in a busy waterway area.
1	a pier on many boats and docks in a busy waterway area.
0	A distant shot of a cruise ship in the ocean.
1	a distant shot of a cruise ship under the ocean.
0	A barge is in the middle of a bay.
1	a barge is under the middle of a bay.
0	A boat moving fast on a jungle river.
1	a boat moving fast in a jungle river.
0	A speedboat is speeding in a body of water in a tropical area.
1	a speedboat is speeding upon a body of water in a tropical area.
0	There are several boats floating in the harbor.
1	there are several boats floating over the harbor.
0	Some boats on a body of water during the day.
1	some boats over a body of water during the day.
0	A group of boats sitting in a water cove next to some buoys.
1	a group of boats sitting under a water cove next to some buoys.
0	Four boats are sitting in the harbor on a cloudy day.
1	four boats are sitting at the harbor on a cloudy day.
0	Four boats on the water on an overcast day
1	four boats on the water in an overcast day
0	there are many boats that are parked at this dock
1	there are many boats that are parked behind this dock
0	Sailboats docked at the pier of a town marina.
1	sailboats docked over the pier of a town marina.
0	A large elephant standing next to a small elephant playing in the water.
1	a large elephant standing next to a small elephant playing under the water.
0	An elephant and a baby elephant are bathing in a river
1	an elephant and a baby elephant are bathing under a river
0	A large and small elephant bathing in the river.
1	a large and small elephant bathing upon the river.
0	An elephant in a zoo walks toward the camera.
1	an elephant beside a zoo walks toward the camera.
0	An elephant with tusks walks on concrete and rocky walls and boulders are near him.
1	an elephant with tusks walks beside concrete and rocky walls and boulders are near him.
0	A captive elephant stands in the sunshine as it looks at the camera in the zoo.
1	a captive elephant stands in the sunshine as it looks at the camera over the zoo.
0	A medium sized elephant walking in his enclosure
1	a medium sized elephant walking beside his enclosure
0	A gray elephant is standing in a zoo enclosure.
1	a gray elephant is standing at a zoo enclosure.
0	An elephant behind an enclosure looking at the camera
1	an elephant behind an enclosure looking over the camera
0	THERE IS AN ELEPHANT IN THE FENCE
1	there is an elephant beside the fence
0	The elephant is looking through the bars of his pen.
1	the elephant is looking outside the bars of his pen.
0	An Indian elephant in a zoo enclosure looking out
1	an indian elephant at a zoo enclosure looking out
0	A woman walking across a street holding a camera.
1	a woman walking upon a street holding a camera.
0	A woman dances across a brick street while holding an umbrella.
1	a woman dances beside a brick street while holding an umbrella.
0	The ladies dancing happily in the street with an umbrella.
1	the ladies dancing sadly in the street with an umbrella.
0	A couple of elephants standing on a lush green forest.
1	a couple of elephants standing in a lush green forest.
0	two elephants walking in a field near a tree
1	two elephants walking in a field upon a tree
0	Two elephants outdoors walking on green grass with trees near by.
1	two elephants outdoors walking upon green grass with trees near by.
0	A cat standing on a couch in a cluttered living room.
1	a cat standing on a couch under a cluttered living room.
0	A black cat standing on a couch thats in a cluttered room.
1	a black cat standing on a couch thats at a cluttered room.
0	A black cat standing on a sofa surrounded by things.
1	a black cat standing behind a sofa surrounded by things.
0	A cat standing on the arm of a chair
1	a cat standing beside the arm of a chair
0	A cat is standing pensively in a room.
1	a cat is standing pensively at a room.
0	A person's feet with shoes and a piece of luggage in a stall.
1	a person's feet on shoes and a piece of luggage in a stall.
0	a persons feet and legs and luggage on the floor
1	a persons feet and legs and luggage in the floor
0	bathroom selfie with pants and shoes and a briefcase in photo
1	bathroom selfie with pants and shoes and a briefcase upon photo
0	An elephant is standing in the middle of bushes with it's tusks pointing out.
1	an elephant is standing upon the middle of bushes with it's tusks pointing out.
0	A man sitting on the edge of a platform with a large suitcase and statue.
1	a man sitting behind the edge of a platform with a large suitcase and statue.
0	A piece of luggage is part of a large statue, with a man sitting on the side.
1	a piece of luggage is part of a large statue, with a man sitting upon the side.
0	A man sitting on the edge of statue of a person with a suitcase.
1	a man sitting in the edge of statue of a person with a suitcase.
0	A piece of luggage sitting on top of a wooden podium.
1	a piece of luggage sitting with top of a wooden podium.
0	Man sitting on pedestal of very large statue with giant suitcase at outdoor scene.
1	man sitting over pedestal of very large statue with giant suitcase at outdoor scene.
1	man sitting on pedestal of very large statue with giant suitcase at indoor scene.
0	A dog jumping in the air catching a frisbee.
1	a dog jumping upon the air catching a frisbee.
0	the dog is catching a frisbee while people look on.
1	the dog is catching a frisbee while people look upon.
0	a geisha with a dragon painted on her face holding onto a red umbrella
1	a geisha with a dragon painted beside her face holding onto a red umbrella
0	An Asian woman dressed in traditional geisha attire with white face paint.
1	an asian woman dressed under traditional geisha attire with white face paint.
0	A woman in geisha makeup holds a red parasol.
1	a woman over geisha makeup holds a red parasol.
0	A woman with a painted face holds an umbrella.
1	a woman with a unpainted face holds an umbrella.
0	Over head picture in an airport baggage claim area.
1	near head picture in an airport baggage claim area.
0	A couple bags of luggage that are on the ground.
1	a couple bags of luggage that are beside the ground.
0	Four different types of carrying cases in various colors.
1	four different types of carrying cases under various colors.
0	Four pieces of luggage sit on the ground.
1	four pieces of luggage sit behind the ground.
0	A pile of luggage sitting on the ground at an airport.
1	a pile of luggage sitting on the ground behind an airport.
0	Four different eras of luggage are tossed along a rail.
1	four like eras of luggage are tossed along a rail.
1	four like types of carrying cases in various colors.
0	A large group of people with umbrellas on a street.
1	a large group of people with umbrellas upon a street.
0	It's a rainy day on the street and people are using umbrellas.
1	it's a rainy day in the street and people are using umbrellas.
0	A large stuffed bear on display in a room.
1	a large stuffed bear on display upon a room.
0	A stuffed light brown bear with snow is on display.
1	a stuffed light brown bear with snow is in display.
0	a large stuffed bear in some kind of building.
1	a large stuffed bear under some kind of building.
0	A tall stuffed bear displayed in a store.
1	a tall stuffed bear displayed over a store.
0	The reflection of a dogs head out of a car window in one of the cars wing mirrors
1	the reflection of a dogs head out of a car window over one of the cars wing mirrors
0	A dog looking out the window as seen through a mirror.
1	a dog looking out the window as seen outside a mirror.
0	A dog that is sitting down in a backseat.
1	a dog that is sitting down upon a backseat.
0	A house pulling a cart with seats on it.
1	a house pulling a cart with seats over it.
0	A horse is pulling a carriage in the street.
1	a horse is pulling a carriage over the street.
0	A horse pulls an open-air carriage on a cobblestone road.
1	a horse pulls an open-air carriage behind a cobblestone road.
0	an image of a group of kids riding on their horses
1	an image of a group of kids riding over their horses
0	Young boys are leading small horses along a procession.
1	happy boys are leading small horses along a procession.
0	A pitcher is throwing the ball in a baseball game.
1	a pitcher is throwing the ball at a baseball game.
0	A baseball player pitching a ball on a field.
1	a baseball player pitching a ball over a field.
0	A baseball player leaning in with a ball in one hand and a mitt in the other hand.
1	a baseball player leaning in with a ball in one hand and a mitt upon the other hand.
0	A pitcher throwing the ball at a baseball game in progress.
1	a pitcher throwing the ball behind a baseball game in progress.
0	Several people riding on jet skis in the water.
1	several people riding in jet skis in the water.
0	Several people on jet skis in the water on a lake
1	several people behind jet skis in the water on a lake
0	very many people in waters from a fall
1	very many people over waters from a fall
0	A group of people let skiing in a lake.
1	a group of people let skiing upon a lake.
0	A group of people riding skis on top of a snow covered ski slope.
1	a group of people riding skis upon top of a snow covered ski slope.
0	A women and two men who are on snow skis.
1	a women and two men who are behind snow skis.
0	Two men and a woman skiing in the snow dressed in warm clothes.
1	two men and a woman skiing in the snow dressed over warm clothes.
0	A plastic cup filled with water and bamboo sits on a shelf next to an orange.
1	a plastic cup filled with water and bamboo sits beside a shelf next to an orange.
0	A picture of a concrete wall with a see through large cup in front of it.
1	a picture of a concrete wall with a see within large cup in front of it.
0	A kid standing in the snow on skis.
1	a kid standing under the snow on skis.
0	SMALL CHILD AT THE END OF A SKI SLOPE
1	small child beside the end of a ski slope
0	A girl stands on skis in the snow.
1	a girl stands beside skis in the snow.
0	A child skier standing at the bottom of a slope.
1	a child skier standing over the bottom of a slope.
0	A downhill skier stands at the bottom of the slope on a sunny day.
1	a downhill skier stands upon the bottom of the slope on a sunny day.
0	A person standing on top of a snow covered slope.
1	a person standing in top of a snow covered slope.
0	a single person standing by a blue sign in the snow
1	a single person standing by a blue sign under the snow
0	A skier on a desolate path of snow.
1	a skier behind a desolate path of snow.
0	Are there corn kernels in this cheese pizza?
1	are there corn kernels beside this cheese pizza?
0	A whole cheese. pizza on a white pan.
1	a whole cheese. pizza beside a white pan.
0	A pizza on a white plate with sauce and lots of cheese.
1	a pizza on a white plate on sauce and lots of cheese.
0	A cake sits on a table, ready to be cut.
1	a cake sits in a table, ready to be cut.
0	The paper plates are beside a large, brightly decorated cake.
1	the paper plates are in a large, brightly decorated cake.
0	A small cake sits in the center of a table with plates.
1	a small cake sits over the center of a table with plates.
0	A cake has colorful icing decoration on it.
1	a cake has colorful icing decoration beside it.
0	a close up of vegetables in a basket with brocolli
1	a close up of vegetables at a basket with brocolli
0	A bunch of different vegetables that are in baskets.
1	a bunch of different vegetables that are under baskets.
1	a bunch of like vegetables that are in baskets.
0	Four small broccoli plants in a brown planter.
1	four small broccoli plants at a brown planter.
0	Some green plants are in potting soil in a container.
1	some green plants are upon potting soil in a container.
0	a long red box holding little plants surrounded by a tomato cage.
1	a short red box holding little plants surrounded by a tomato cage.
0	A metal pan filled with lots of veggies in broth.
1	a metal pan filled with lots of veggies under broth.
0	a big pan of some kind of soupy food in it
1	a big pan of some kind of soupy food over it
0	Broccoli in liquid simmering in a metal pot.
1	broccoli in liquid simmering beside a metal pot.
0	Up close shot of some type soup with broccoli in it
1	up close shot of some type soup with broccoli over it
0	A boy skiing on a snow slope at a snow resort.
1	a boy skiing upon a snow slope at a snow resort.
0	A young child moving along on a pair of skis.
1	a young child moving along in a pair of skis.
0	A skier on a ski slope with a snowboarder down the hill below him.
1	a skier with a ski slope with a snowboarder down the hill below him.
0	A young skier is headed down a small hill.
0	a young child just learning to snow sky
1	a happy child moving along on a pair of skis.
1	a happy skier is headed down a small hill.
1	a happy child just learning to snow sky
0	a little girl is sitting outside in the snow
1	a little girl is sitting within in the snow
0	A young girl on skis and holding poles, posing in fake snow.
1	a young girl on skis and holding poles, posing beside fake snow.
0	A little girl that is sitting down in the snow.
1	a little girl that is sitting down beside the snow.
0	A crouched, smiling young girl holds two upright ski poles in the snow.
1	a crouched, smiling young girl holds two upright ski poles over the snow.
0	A child bending down on skies in the snow.
1	a child bending down behind skies in the snow.
1	a happy girl on skis and holding poles, posing in fake snow.
1	a crouched, smiling happy girl holds two upright ski poles in the snow.
0	A skateboarder is performing his routine in a competition
1	a skateboarder is performing his routine upon a competition
0	A man on a skateboard is doing a trick.
1	a man beside a skateboard is doing a trick.
0	a man does a trick on a skate board in the air
1	a man does a trick beside a skate board in the air
0	A man flying through the air on top of a skateboard.
1	a man flying through the air behind top of a skateboard.
0	A guy does tricks on his skateboard in the street
1	a guy does tricks over his skateboard in the street
0	A skateboarder riding on a short wall next to a sidewalk.
1	a skateboarder riding in a short wall next to a sidewalk.
0	A skateboarder rides the top of a low wall in a trailer park.
1	a skateboarder rides the top of a low wall under a trailer park.
0	A young man on a skateboard grinding the edge of a concrete ledge.
1	a young man over a skateboard grinding the edge of a concrete ledge.
1	a skateboarder riding on a long wall next to a sidewalk.
1	a happy man on a skateboard grinding the edge of a concrete ledge.
0	A cheese steak sandwich is cut in half on a plate.
1	a cheese steak sandwich is cut in half upon a plate.
0	A cheeseteak sandwich is shown on a plate.
1	a cheeseteak sandwich is shown beside a plate.
0	a person laying in the snow and covered with a bit of it
1	a person laying at the snow and covered with a bit of it
0	a person skating in very much snow with warm clothes
1	a person skating beside very much snow with warm clothes
0	A man jumping in the air on some skis.
1	a man jumping under the air on some skis.
0	A skier is in mid air over the snow.
1	a skier is upon mid air over the snow.
0	A man high in the air while skiing in the woods
1	a man high at the air while skiing in the woods
0	A person that is in the snow having fun.
1	a person that is under the snow having fun.
0	A person skiing fast down a hill in the snow.
1	a person skiing fast down a hill upon the snow.
0	a person riding a snow board on a snowy surface
1	a person riding a snow board with a snowy surface
0	A young boy in a jacket is snowboarding in a neighborhood.
1	a young boy over a jacket is snowboarding in a neighborhood.
0	A child in a blue jacket riding a surfboard in the snow.
1	a child over a blue jacket riding a surfboard in the snow.
0	A child snowboarding down a hill in the snow.
1	a child snowboarding down a hill beside the snow.
1	a happy boy in a jacket is snowboarding in a neighborhood.
0	Two woman on an island pose for the cameras.
1	two woman in an island pose for the cameras.
0	A man is falling off of his surfboard in the ocean.
1	a man is falling off of his surfboard at the ocean.
0	A man doing tricks in the ocean water with his surfboard
1	a man doing tricks at the ocean water with his surfboard
0	A man falling off a surf board in the ocean.
1	a man falling off a surf board upon the ocean.
0	A person walking in the ocean with a surfboard under their arm.
1	a person walking over the ocean with a surfboard under their arm.
0	A man carries his surfboard near incoming waves.
1	a man carries his surfboard across incoming waves.
0	a man that is holding a surfboard in hand
1	a man that is holding a surfboard over hand
0	A person in a wet suit walking into the ocean
1	a person beside a wet suit walking into the ocean
0	A surfer walks into the waves on the shore.
1	a surfer walks into the waves upon the shore.
0	A young man standing in front of a tree holding up a surfboard.
1	a young man standing under front of a tree holding up a surfboard.
0	Man standing near tree by the waters edge with a blue surf board.
1	man standing in tree by the waters edge with a blue surf board.
0	A young man with a surfboard standing on a beach.
1	a young man with a surfboard standing beside a beach.
1	a happy man standing in front of a tree holding up a surfboard.
1	a happy man with a surfboard standing on a beach.
0	Two men riding surfboards on a wave in the ocean.
1	two men riding surfboards on a wave at the ocean.
0	Two people are surfing on a wave in the dark ocean.
1	two people are surfing over a wave in the dark ocean.
0	Two people on a surfboard each riding a wave.
1	two people upon a surfboard each riding a wave.
0	A couple of people riding surfboards on top of a wave in the ocean.
1	a couple of people riding surfboards on top of a wave at the ocean.
0	Two surfers ride a small wave near the shore.
1	two surfers ride a small wave across the shore.
0	Two people relax by the ocean on the beach.
1	two people relax by the ocean upon the beach.
0	Woman and child watching people row in water.
1	woman and child watching people row upon water.
0	Two people are in shadows looking at the water.
1	two people are in shadows looking beside the water.
0	a couple of people sitting down staring at some people in the lake.
1	a couple of people sitting down staring at some people under the lake.
0	A man standing on surf board holding a paddle in a harbor.
1	a man standing on surf board holding a paddle beside a harbor.
0	A man in white shirt and plaid shorts on a white surfboard.
1	a man under white shirt and plaid shorts on a white surfboard.
0	A man standing on a surfboard in calm waters
1	a man standing on a surfboard at calm waters
0	A man with plaid shorts standing on a surf board near a boat.
1	a man with plaid shorts standing with a surf board near a boat.
0	A person is standing on a surf board by some boats.
1	a person is standing with a surf board by some boats.
0	a cake with pineapples and cherries on the top of it.
1	a cake with pineapples and cherries with the top of it.
0	A prepared dessert with fruit on the top.
1	a prepared dessert with fruit upon the top.
0	A pineapple upside-down cake with cherries on top.
1	a pineapple upside-down cake with cherries over top.
0	A cake with a fruit topping on a round, cardboard platter.
1	a cake with a fruit topping in a round, cardboard platter.
0	A surfer is standing on a rock pile as he stares off to the water.
1	a surfer is standing upon a rock pile as he stares off to the water.
0	A man in blue shorts holding a wooden surfboard.
1	a man beside blue shorts holding a wooden surfboard.
0	A man on a rocky beach holding a surfboard.
1	a man over a rocky beach holding a surfboard.
0	Two kids are playing soccer out in the sun.
1	two kids are playing soccer out beside the sun.
0	Two young children in uniforms running for a soccer ball.
1	two young children beside uniforms running for a soccer ball.
0	Two girls one in red the other in white playing soccer.
1	two girls one in red the other over white playing soccer.
0	two little boys playing soccer ball on a field
1	two little boys playing soccer ball with a field
1	two happy children in uniforms running for a soccer ball.
0	A crashing wave is about to close in on a surfer.
1	a crashing wave is about to close at on a surfer.
0	A man on a surfboard inside a large wave.
1	a man in a surfboard inside a large wave.
0	A man riding on top of a surfboard in the ocean.
1	a man riding on top of a surfboard at the ocean.
0	A man on a surfboard riding a wave.
1	a man in a surfboard riding a wave.
0	There is a person surfing on a wave in the ocean.
1	there is a person surfing with a wave in the ocean.
0	A man riding the waves on his surf board in the ocean.
1	a man riding the waves behind his surf board in the ocean.
0	A man on a surfboard is in the air above a wave.
1	a man over a surfboard is in the air above a wave.
0	An adorable baby under a blanket in a crib.
1	an adorable baby across a blanket in a crib.
0	The baby in the crib has his/her head up and is laying on his/her stomach.
1	the baby upon the crib has his/her head up and is laying on his/her stomach.
0	A cute baby is on it's stomach covered with a white blanket.
1	a cute baby is over it's stomach covered with a white blanket.
0	A baby laying on his belly looking at the person taking the picture.
1	a baby laying in his belly looking at the person taking the picture.
0	A blonde haired baby wrapped up in a blanket.
1	a blonde haired baby wrapped up over a blanket.
0	A small child sitting at the table eating.
1	a small child sitting upon the table eating.
0	a child sitting at a table in a chair next to a plate of food
1	a child sitting behind a table in a chair next to a plate of food
0	A baby sitting at a table with a plate of food.
1	a baby sitting at a table on a plate of food.
0	A boy at a table with milk and a dessert.
1	a boy across a table with milk and a dessert.
0	A young boy eats his dinner and glass of milk.
1	a happy boy eats his dinner and glass of milk.
0	A person is laying tennis with racket in hand
1	a person is laying tennis with racket beside hand
0	a man in white is holding a tennis racket in a field
1	a man in white is holding a tennis racket at a field
0	Woman with tennis racket is stand in front of a brick wall
1	woman with tennis racket is stand over front of a brick wall
0	A young girl is playing ball on a brick wall.
1	a happy girl is playing ball on a brick wall.
0	A pita pizza fills up an entire plate on a table.
1	a pita pizza fills up an entire plate upon a table.
0	A pizza sitting on top of a white plate next to a knife.
1	a pizza sitting upon top of a white plate next to a knife.
0	A pizza on a white plate and wooden table
1	a pizza beside a white plate and wooden table
0	A cheese pizza on a plate on a table.
1	a cheese pizza over a plate on a table.
0	A woman brushing her teeth while wearing a towel on her head.
1	a woman brushing her teeth while wearing a towel beside her head.
0	a woman in the bathroom brushes her teeth in the mirror
1	a woman under the bathroom brushes her teeth in the mirror
0	A woman with a towel on her head while brushing her teeth.
1	a woman with a towel over her head while brushing her teeth.
0	Young women brushing her teeth while looking into a mirror.
1	happy women brushing her teeth while looking into a mirror.
0	two people standing up near a couch playing nintendo wii
1	two people standing up below a couch playing nintendo wii
0	Two young men standing in front of a painting in the hall.
1	two young men standing in front of a painting at the hall.
0	Young adults stand in front of a girl and a large wall painting.
1	young adults stand upon front of a girl and a large wall painting.
1	two happy men standing in front of a painting in the hall.
1	happy adults stand in front of a girl and a large wall painting.
0	A messing living room with an old fashioned TV in the corner.
1	a messing living room with an old fashioned tv beside the corner.
0	A see through image of a person in a messy room.
1	a see within image of a person in a messy room.
0	Electronic equipment displayed on and next to cabinet in living room.
1	electronic equipment displayed beside and next to cabinet in living room.
0	There is a flat screen tv and a wii consume under neath jt
1	there is a flat screen tv and a wii consume across neath jt
0	A flat screen TV sitting on top of a wooden shelf.
1	a flat screen tv sitting over top of a wooden shelf.
0	A television is on top of some shelves.
1	a television is in top of some shelves.
0	Two small children playing a game on a video game console.
1	two small children playing a game upon a video game console.
0	Two children playing baseball in the Wii Sports video game.
1	two children playing baseball over the wii sports video game.
0	Two young children are playing a video game.
1	two happy children are playing a video game.
0	Teenage boys are playing a video game in a crowded area.
1	teenage boys are playing a video game under a crowded area.
0	A living room filled with furniture with two paintings on the wall behind the couch.
1	a living room filled on furniture with two paintings on the wall behind the couch.
0	A living room and dining room combination with kitchen visible in the rear
1	a living room and dining room combination with kitchen visible beside the rear
0	A girl flying a red kite high in the air.
1	a girl flying a red kite high under the air.
0	A woman flying a kite high up in the sky.
1	a woman flying a kite high up over the sky.
0	A woman flying a rainbow-colored dragon kite in a blue sky.
1	a woman flying a rainbow-colored dragon kite beside a blue sky.
0	A baseball team playing on a baseball field
1	a baseball team playing upon a baseball field
0	a number of baseball players on a field
1	a number of baseball players in a field
0	Two baseball players standing on the grass next to each other.
1	two baseball players standing beside the grass next to each other.
0	a couple of men stand on some green brass
1	a couple of men stand over some green brass
0	A baseball player on his knees has just thrown a ball.
1	a baseball player over his knees has just thrown a ball.
0	A couple of baseball players standing on a field near a base.
1	a couple of baseball players standing in a field near a base.
0	a baseball player with a bat on the field
1	a baseball player with a bat in the field
0	A row of pottery vases sitting on a window pane.
1	a row of pottery vases sitting in a window pane.
0	window with four vases in a ledge in shadow
1	window with four vases in a ledge over shadow
0	four vases sitting on a window sill in the sunlight
1	four vases sitting on a window sill beside the sunlight
0	a close up of some vases on a window sill
1	a close up of some vases upon a window sill
0	Three laptops on a desk in an office.
1	three laptops on a desk upon an office.
0	Three black laptop computers in operation on a white table.
1	three black laptop computers in operation beside a white table.
0	a bunch of black laptops are on a table
1	a bunch of black laptops are behind a table
0	Three laptops being used on a white desk.
1	three laptops being used behind a white desk.
0	a long desk with three laptops on it
1	a long desk with three laptops beside it
1	a short desk with three laptops on it
0	A menagerie of stuffed animals lined up on the floor.
1	a menagerie of stuffed animals lined up beside the floor.
0	Stuffed bears and ducks are lined up on the floor.
1	stuffed bears and ducks are lined up with the floor.
0	Stuffed teddy bears and ducks for sale at a stall
1	stuffed teddy bears and ducks for sale across a stall
0	A woman laying on top of a couch using a laptop computer.
1	a woman laying upon top of a couch using a laptop computer.
0	Girl is using a laptop sitting on the couch.
1	girl is using a laptop sitting behind the couch.
0	A woman sitting on a a couch using a laptop
1	a woman sitting in a a couch using a laptop
0	The woman is laying on the couch using her laptop.
1	the woman is laying with the couch using her laptop.
0	A lady is relaxing on a couch while using a laptop.
1	a lady is relaxing in a couch while using a laptop.
0	A line of chili peppers hanging in a kitchen.
1	a line of chili peppers hanging beside a kitchen.
0	A vine of chili peppers grows in a kitchen.
1	a vine of chili peppers grows at a kitchen.
0	A tall clock tower with a massive clock on each of it's sides.
1	a tall clock tower with a massive clock beside each of it's sides.
0	A four sided clock sits on the tower
1	a four sided clock sits beside the tower
0	The sun is shining off of one of the two clocks on the tower.
1	the sun is shining off of one of the two clocks beside the tower.
0	A man standing next to a woman in front of a TV screen.
1	a man standing next to a woman upon front of a tv screen.
0	two people stand near one another in front of a table
1	two people stand below one another in front of a table
0	A young man gives a presentation for his colleagues
1	a happy man gives a presentation for his colleagues
0	A microwave oven sitting in the corner of a kitchen.
1	a microwave oven sitting at the corner of a kitchen.
0	A toaster, microwave and coffee percolator sitting on a kitchen counter.
1	a toaster, microwave and coffee percolator sitting over a kitchen counter.
0	A silver toaster electric coffee pot and microwave oven on a counter top.
1	a silver toaster electric coffee pot and microwave oven over a counter top.
0	A coffee pot is sitting next to a microwave and a toaster on the kitchen counter.
1	a coffee pot is sitting next to a microwave and a toaster in the kitchen counter.
0	A picture of a kitchen with some items on top of it.
1	a picture of a kitchen on some items on top of it.
0	A man takes something out of an oven in a well organized kitchen.
1	a man takes something out of an oven at a well organized kitchen.
0	a guy cooking in a kitchen with something in the oven
1	a guy cooking in a kitchen with something at the oven
0	there is a man in the kitchen taking something out the oven
1	there is a man beside the kitchen taking something out the oven
0	Barber cutting a child's hair in a barber shop.
1	barber cutting a child's hair under a barber shop.
0	A man with a beard and a red shirt holds a young girl's hair straight up in one hand and in another scissors.
1	a man with a beard and a red shirt holds a young girl's hair straight up upon one hand and in another scissors.
1	a man with a beard and a red shirt holds a happy girl's hair straight up in one hand and in another scissors.
0	The American flag flies next to the clock tower on a snowy day.
1	the american flag flies next to the clock tower with a snowy day.
0	A clock and a flag on a concrete building.
1	a clock and a flag over a concrete building.
0	An American flag waves in front of a clock.
1	an american flag waves at front of a clock.
0	Slices of cake next to another desert on a plate.
1	slices of cake next to another desert in a plate.
0	Yellow and brown snacks on a green platter.
1	yellow and brown snacks over a green platter.
0	A plate of finger food containing meat located on a table.
1	a plate of finger food containing meat located in a table.
0	A stuffed teddy bear laying on top of a bed.
1	a stuffed teddy bear laying over top of a bed.
0	A tan stuffed animal in black cloth with a button.
1	a tan stuffed animal at black cloth with a button.
0	A teddy bear is sitting in a pocket with a button.
1	a teddy bear is sitting at a pocket with a button.
0	Some parts of a stuffed bear sit in a box.
1	some parts of a stuffed bear sit beside a box.
0	A couple of teddy bears are ripped in pieces.
1	a couple of teddy bears are ripped under pieces.
0	THERE IS A STUFF ANIMAL TOY WITH DIFFERENT PARTS
1	there is a stuff animal toy with like parts
0	Several children standing in a group holding teddy bears.
1	several children standing over a group holding teddy bears.
0	Many boys and girls holding teddy bears in a business.
1	many boys and girls holding teddy bears beside a business.
0	Several children holding teddy bears in a store.
1	several children holding teddy bears upon a store.
0	People standing around a table with plates on it.
1	people standing around a table with plates beside it.
0	A few people are eating food at a party.
1	a few people are eating food across a party.
0	a close up of many plates of food on a table
1	a close atop of many plates of food on a table
0	Plates of breakfast items and a camera sitting on a table.
1	plates of breakfast items and a camera sitting upon a table.
0	Several breakfast plates on a table in a restaurant.
1	several breakfast plates with a table in a restaurant.
0	A couple of men standing next to each other at a ribbon cutting ceremony.
1	a couple of men standing next to each other beside a ribbon cutting ceremony.
0	Two men cutting a ribbon at a ceremony
1	two men cutting a ribbon behind a ceremony
0	Two men in business suits cut a red ribbon.
1	two men beside business suits cut a red ribbon.
0	A man preparing food inside of a kitchen with a  small bird on his shoulder like snow white while wearing a cheap chefs hat.
1	a man preparing food beneath of a kitchen with a small bird on his shoulder like snow white while wearing a cheap chefs hat.
0	a man in the kitchen cutting something on a cutting board
1	a man in the kitchen cutting something over a cutting board
0	Man wearing chef hat with bird on shoulder having a disaster in kitchen.
1	man wearing chef hat with bird on shoulder having a disaster at kitchen.
0	a man is cutting some food at a kitchen counter
1	a man is cutting some food across a kitchen counter
0	A kitchen with green walls and plants on the windowsill
1	a kitchen with green walls and plants with the windowsill
0	A kitchen with plants sitting in the window
1	a kitchen with plants sitting upon the window
0	A small kitchen has appliances and houseplants on the window sill.
1	a small kitchen has appliances and houseplants in the window sill.
0	A chef in a kitchen standing next to a counter with jars and containers.
1	a chef beside a kitchen standing next to a counter with jars and containers.
0	a chef in a kitchen with jars bowls and machines
1	a chef at a kitchen with jars bowls and machines
0	a chef in a white chef coat leaning on a table with three white bowls
1	a chef at a white chef coat leaning on a table with three white bowls
0	A plate with two hot dogs and a cup of coke on a table next to a bike.
1	a plate with two hot dogs and a cup of coke beside a table next to a bike.
0	Two hotdogs with mustard on a plate with a soft drink sitting on a table with a bike nearby.
1	two hotdogs on mustard on a plate with a soft drink sitting on a table with a bike nearby.
0	Two hot dogs sit on a white paper plate near a soda cup which are sitting on a green picnic table while a bike and a silver car are parked nearby.
1	two hot dogs sit on a white paper plate over a soda cup which are sitting on a green picnic table while a bike and a silver car are parked nearby.
0	Table near car with a bicycle along side and a plate with two hot dogs and a coke.
1	table in car with a bicycle along side and a plate with two hot dogs and a coke.
0	a cat sitting in a bathroom sink looking at the floor.
1	a cat sitting in a bathroom sink looking across the floor.
0	closeup of a cat in a bathroom sink
1	closeup of a cat beside a bathroom sink
0	A brown cat sitting in a bathroom sink.
1	a brown cat sitting at a bathroom sink.
0	An orange tabby cat lying in a bathroom sink.
1	an orange tabby cat lying under a bathroom sink.
0	many tables arranged outside at the shop
1	many tables arranged outside upon the shop
0	People ride bicycles outside of a Bosch bowling alley.
1	people ride bicycles within of a bosch bowling alley.
0	A row of table and chairs and people riding bikes outside of business.
1	a row of table and chairs and people riding bikes towards of business.
0	A sink that is underneath a mirror in a bathroom.
1	a sink that is up a mirror in a bathroom.
0	A van has an open back door on the sidewalk.
1	a van has an open back door beside the sidewalk.
0	A black cat that's sitting in the road by two parked vehicles.
1	a black cat that's sitting at the road by two parked vehicles.
0	A few cars on a street with a black cat sitting in the middle.
1	a few cars on a street with a black cat sitting upon the middle.
0	A black cat foolishly sitting in the middle of a road.
1	a black cat foolishly sitting under the middle of a road.
0	Back door of a vehicle is left open, and a cat a short distance away.
1	back door of a vehicle is left open, and a cat a long distance away.
1	a black cat wisely sitting in the middle of a road.
0	There is a pink toilet seat on the toilet in the bathroom.
1	there is a pink toilet seat behind the toilet in the bathroom.
0	a pink plastic toilet seat in a bathroom
1	a pink plastic toilet seat beside a bathroom
0	A toilet has been turned on it's side out in a yard.
1	a toilet has been turned behind it's side out in a yard.
0	A toilet on its side in the bushes.
1	a toilet with its side in the bushes.
0	A toilet that is laying on the ground outside.
1	a toilet that is laying in the ground outside.
0	a broken toilet bowl base overturned in a shrubbery next to dirt and rocks.
1	a broken toilet bowl base overturned upon a shrubbery next to dirt and rocks.
0	A banana in a little chair near a window.
1	a banana in a little chair across a window.
0	A giant banana is sitting in beach chair which is overlooking turquoise water.
1	a giant banana is sitting under beach chair which is overlooking turquoise water.
0	a banana that has been placed in a tiny lounge chair.
1	a banana that has been placed at a tiny lounge chair.
0	A banana sitting on a yellow beach chair next to a small umbrella  looking out a window at the blue water.
1	a banana sitting upon a yellow beach chair next to a small umbrella looking out a window at the blue water.
0	There is a banana on a beach chair with a small umbrella
1	there is a banana with a beach chair with a small umbrella
1	a banana that has been placed in a huge lounge chair.
0	An assortment of flying objects including kites and airplanes hung inside a building.
1	an assortment of flying objects including kites and airplanes hung through a building.
0	An airplane sitting on top of an airport runway.
1	an airplane sitting beside top of an airport runway.
0	A airplane that is sitting in front of a terminal.
1	a airplane that is sitting under front of a terminal.
0	a white jet is parked at an airport and some clouds
1	a white jet is parked behind an airport and some clouds
0	A plane parked beside an airport with a sunrise in the background.
1	a plane parked beside an airport on a sunrise in the background.
0	A giraffe stand alone in a zoo during the day.
1	a giraffe stand alone over a zoo during the day.
0	A lone giraffe standing with a pile of dirt in the foreground
1	a lone giraffe standing with a pile of dirt upon the foreground
0	A giraffe looking over the corral fence in his zoo habitat.
1	a giraffe looking upon the corral fence in his zoo habitat.
0	Two giraffes standing by the fence in a zoo.
1	two giraffes standing on the fence in a zoo.
0	A giraffe puts its head over the fence of its enclosure.
1	a giraffe puts its head upon the fence of its enclosure.
0	A wild animal on a rocky hill with a few plants
1	a wild animal with a rocky hill with a few plants
0	A goat standing on the side of a rocky cliff.
1	a goat standing upon the side of a rocky cliff.
0	A ram stands on the side of a rocky cliff
1	a ram stands in the side of a rocky cliff
0	Two photos of an airplane in the air.
1	two photos of an airplane beside the air.
0	A double shot of a blybe airplane in the sky.
1	a double shot of a blybe airplane over the sky.
0	Two pictures of the same jet flying in the air.
1	two pictures of the same jet flying beside the air.
0	a well-lit hot dog and pretzel cart in front of a street
1	a well-lit hot dog and pretzel cart upon front of a street
0	A tall giraffe standing under a tree on a lush green field.
1	a tall giraffe standing under a tree over a lush green field.
0	A giraffe with his head out of sight over a covering.
1	a giraffe with his head out of sight upon a covering.
0	a close up shot of a giraffe's chest and long neck
1	a close up shot of a giraffe's chest and short neck
0	A giraffe in the wild all alone
1	a giraffe beside the wild all alone
0	A giraffe is standing in the wilderness next to a tree.
1	a giraffe is standing over the wilderness next to a tree.
0	A giraffe standing in a field with grass and trees
1	a giraffe standing in a field on grass and trees
0	A large giraffe standing in a grass field.
1	a large giraffe standing over a grass field.
0	A giraffe is standing in front of a wall
1	a giraffe is standing upon front of a wall
0	A baby giraffe standing against a wall in a zoo like environment
1	a baby giraffe standing against a wall over a zoo like environment
0	A giraffe standing in front of a wood and brick building.
1	a giraffe standing at front of a wood and brick building.
0	A giraffe stands next to a wall in a zoo exhibit.
1	a giraffe stands next to a wall beside a zoo exhibit.
0	Two boats parked in a marina on a sunny day.
1	two boats parked in a marina over a sunny day.
0	Green grass and tree in front of blue water.
1	green grass and tree upon front of blue water.
0	A wooden bench is sitting in the middle of the forest.
1	a wooden bench is sitting at the middle of the forest.
0	A single bench off of the side of a dirt path in the woods.
1	a single bench off of the side of a dirt path at the woods.
0	A wooden bench sits beside the forest trail.
1	a wooden bench sits on the forest trail.
0	MAN WITH GLASSES KNEELING IN FRONT OF A FIRE HYDRANT
1	man with glasses kneeling under front of a fire hydrant
0	The young man is crouched on the street.
1	the young man is crouched over the street.
1	the happy man is crouched on the street.
0	There is a broken pink fire hydrant on a sidewalk
1	there is a broken pink fire hydrant beside a sidewalk
0	Two giraffes stand at a tree with zebras in the background.
1	two giraffes stand beside a tree with zebras in the background.
0	Two giraffes sticking their heads next to trees in grassy area.
1	two giraffes sticking their heads next to trees over grassy area.
0	Two giraffes in a zoo enclosure with a zebra.
1	two giraffes beside a zoo enclosure with a zebra.
0	Three giraffes standing by the fence and eating food from buckets hanging on top.
1	three giraffes standing by the fence and eating food from buckets hanging behind top.
0	Three large giraffes feeding from buckets on a chain linked fence.
1	three large giraffes feeding from buckets in a chain linked fence.
0	Three chairs on a sidewalk and a pigeon standing next to one of them.
1	three chairs beside a sidewalk and a pigeon standing next to one of them.
0	A row of green wooden chairs with a pigeon in front of them.
1	a row of green wooden chairs with a pigeon beside front of them.
0	Three small benches with a pigeon in front
1	three small benches with a pigeon beside front
0	Birds perched on logs on a lake near a wall.
1	birds perched on logs on a lake in a wall.
0	A log in the water with three birds perched on it.
1	a log under the water with three birds perched on it.
0	a group of water birds sitting on drift wood in a body of water.
1	a group of water birds sitting on drift wood over a body of water.
0	birds on branches sticking out of a body of water
1	birds beside branches sticking out of a body of water
0	two giraffes standing together beside a fence and wall
1	two giraffes standing together on a fence and wall
0	there are two giraffes in this zoo together
1	there are two giraffes at this zoo together
0	two saller giraffes standing in a zoo enclosure
1	two saller giraffes standing beside a zoo enclosure
0	Two giraffe standing next to each other near a wall.
1	two giraffe standing next to each other below a wall.
0	A group of boats floating on a body of water next to shore.
1	a group of boats floating beside a body of water next to shore.
0	The boats are standing alone in the water.
1	the boats are standing alone beside the water.
0	There is a yellow and green train seen riding on the tracks
1	there is a yellow and green train seen riding over the tracks
0	A train traveling on a train track near a field with cows in it.
1	a train traveling on a train track over a field with cows in it.
0	A group of cows grazing near a passing train
1	a group of cows grazing in a passing train
0	A couple of animals standing on top of a green field next to a train.
1	a couple of animals standing behind top of a green field next to a train.
0	Trains running on parallel tracks above the water line.
1	trains running upon parallel tracks above the water line.
0	A train traveling next to a water way on railroad tracks.
1	a train traveling next to a water way with railroad tracks.
0	Train cars on a railroad track next to a body of water.
1	train cars over a railroad track next to a body of water.
0	Several trains riding on different tracks near water.
1	several trains riding on like tracks near water.
0	A white and yellow truing passing through rows of trees.
1	a white and yellow truing passing within rows of trees.
0	A yellow train driving through the brush on railroad tracks.
1	a yellow train driving through the brush in railroad tracks.
0	A damaged sign that says "STATE LAW YIELD TO PEDESTRIANS WITHIN CROSSWALK."
1	a damaged sign that says "state law yield to pedestrians inside crosswalk."
0	A tatter street sign sits in the crosswalk.
1	a tatter street sign sits over the crosswalk.
0	A close up of a crosswalk sign in the middle of the road.
1	a close up of a crosswalk sign at the middle of the road.
0	A small orange bird standing on a collection of rocks.
1	a small orange bird standing in a collection of rocks.
0	A yellow bird sitting atop a pile of yellow stones.
1	a yellow bird sitting outside a pile of yellow stones.
0	The bird is standing on the rocky surface alone
1	the bird is standing beside the rocky surface alone
0	A train ambling down the tracks with shrubbery on both sides
1	a train ambling down the tracks with shrubbery upon both sides
0	A train on tracks in the middle of a wooded area.
1	a train in tracks in the middle of a wooded area.
0	A train moving on a track during the day.
1	a train moving behind a track during the day.
0	The train is on a track which is surrounded by trees and partly cloudy sky.
1	the train is on a track which is surrounded by trees and altogether cloudy sky.
0	A traffic light in front of a very tall building.
1	a traffic light beside front of a very tall building.
0	Traffic lights at the corner of 19th street.
1	traffic lights over the corner of 19th street.
0	A city area stoplight and intersection, with buildings and signs in the background.
1	a city area stoplight and intersection, with buildings and signs at the background.
0	Multi container train at switching junction on tracks.
1	multi container train at switching junction behind tracks.
0	A person standing by a truck with many bananas on the back.
1	a person standing by a truck with many bananas beside the back.
0	A young man stands in front of a banana display.
1	a young man stands at front of a banana display.
0	A man selling green and yellow bananas waits behind the truck for customers.
1	a man selling green and yellow bananas waits in the truck for customers.
0	A man standing in front of a truck piled with  a load of green and yellow bananas.
1	a man standing under front of a truck piled with a load of green and yellow bananas.
0	A man in grey sweater standing in front of a truck full of bananas.
1	a man upon grey sweater standing in front of a truck full of bananas.
1	a happy man stands in front of a banana display.
0	A cat next to a television in a room.
1	a cat next to a television over a room.
0	The cat is watching the birds on television in the room.
1	the cat is watching the birds with television in the room.
0	A grey tabby cat sitting on top of a CD player next to a TV monitor.
1	a grey tabby cat sitting with top of a cd player next to a tv monitor.
0	A cat sitting next to a flat screen TV in a living room.
1	a cat sitting next to a flat screen tv over a living room.
0	a cat sitting on a table next a large tv
1	a cat sitting behind a table next a large tv
0	A tabby cat sleeping on a row of different color tennis shoes.
1	a tabby cat sleeping upon a row of different color tennis shoes.
0	A cat lounges by a row of sneakers on top of a rug.
1	a cat lounges by a row of sneakers behind top of a rug.
0	A cat sits next to an assortment of different shoes.
1	a tabby cat sleeping on a row of like color tennis shoes.
1	a cat sits next to an assortment of like shoes.
0	A cat sitting on top of a hard wood floor.
1	a cat sitting over top of a hard wood floor.
0	a cat sits on the floor with many beer bottles
1	a cat sits in the floor with many beer bottles
0	A cat is sitting next to bottles on the floor.
1	a cat is sitting next to bottles in the floor.
1	a cat sitting on top of a simple wood floor.
0	A woman standing next to a dog wearing a backpack on a beach.
1	a woman standing next to a dog wearing a backpack beside a beach.
0	A woman and a dog on a hike on a sunny day.
1	a woman and a dog on a hike behind a sunny day.
0	a person and their service dog standing on a mountain
1	a person and their service dog standing with a mountain
0	A black cat resting himself on a couch
1	a black cat resting himself upon a couch
0	an image of a cat laying asleep on a couch
1	an image of a cat laying asleep beside a couch
0	Black cat stretched out on a light brown sofa.
1	black cat stretched out with a light brown sofa.
0	A black cat on a white couch sleeping.
1	a black cat beside a white couch sleeping.
0	Semi truck parked on the street in front of a building.
1	semi truck parked on the street upon front of a building.
0	a large truck in front of a large building
1	a large truck at front of a large building
0	A semi-truck parked on a street next to a tall building at night.
1	a semi-truck parked on a street next to a tall building across night.
0	A red truck with a crane parked in front of a building.
1	a red truck with a crane parked beside front of a building.
0	A cat sitting on top of a television
1	a cat sitting beside top of a television
0	A cat standing on a computer monitor staring at an image on its screen.
1	a cat standing on a computer monitor staring at an image behind its screen.
0	A cat on top a television staring at a dot on the screen.
1	a cat on top a television staring across a dot on the screen.
0	A cat on top of a television looking at the scree
1	a cat on top of a television looking upon the scree
0	A cat sitting by a laptop but staring at a person.
1	a cat sitting by a laptop but staring behind a person.
0	A grey and white cat sits near a laptop.
1	a grey and white cat sits below a laptop.
0	a person wearing a jacket and a sweater in a dark background
1	a person wearing a jacket and a sweater over a dark background
0	This is one man with two different sides to him.
0	A photoshopped picture of two different people pasted together to appear to be one person.
0	A man with different clothing on each half of his body
1	this is one man with two like sides to him.
1	a photoshopped picture of two like people pasted together to appear to be one person.
1	a man with like clothing on each half of his body
0	A man in a shirt and tie sitting on a white chair next to a lamp.
1	a man under a shirt and tie sitting on a white chair next to a lamp.
0	a person sitting in a chair wearing a suit and tie
1	a person sitting beside a chair wearing a suit and tie
0	Man in business clothes sits on a chair with his hands crossed.
1	man in business clothes sits behind a chair with his hands crossed.
0	A balding man is facing the camera with a smirk on his face.
1	a balding man is facing the camera on a smirk on his face.
0	A man in a white dress shirt, vest and a striped tie.
1	a man under a white dress shirt, vest and a striped tie.
0	Self portrait of a man in a tie and sweater vest.
1	self portrait of a man over a tie and sweater vest.
0	a close up of a person wearing a sweater and a tie
1	a close towards of a person wearing a sweater and a tie
0	A man with glasses and a tie on staring.
1	a man with glasses and a tie over staring.
0	A man in a suit and glasses takes a selfie.
1	a man upon a suit and glasses takes a selfie.
0	A man with long hair dressed in a suit vest and tie
1	a man with long hair dressed over a suit vest and tie
1	a man with short hair dressed in a suit vest and tie
0	The beach chair with the umbrella is empty on  the beach.
1	the beach chair with the umbrella is empty behind the beach.
0	a umbrella sitting over a chair on a beach
1	a umbrella sitting over a chair behind a beach
0	A chair and umbrella in the sand on the beach.
1	a chair and umbrella in the sand behind the beach.
0	a chair and an umbrella at the beach
1	a chair and an umbrella across the beach
0	Empty beach chair with umbrella on empty beach.
1	empty beach chair with umbrella upon empty beach.
0	Two elephants cross tusks in confrontation in a field
1	two elephants cross tusks in confrontation upon a field
0	Two elephants standing next to each other in a field.
1	two elephants standing next to each other beside a field.
0	Two elephants wrapping their trunks together in a field.
1	two elephants wrapping their trunks together over a field.
0	a open field with large elephants standing in it.
1	a open field with large elephants standing at it.
0	a suit case sits on a top next to some drink
1	a suit case sits with a top next to some drink
0	A bottle in a ice bucket sits on a floor next to a luggage rack.
1	a bottle in a ice bucket sits beside a floor next to a luggage rack.
0	Two small children are on the dirt with an umbrella.
1	two small children are beside the dirt with an umbrella.
0	there are two children sitting on the ground under a umbrella
1	there are two children sitting with the ground under a umbrella
0	Two children sitting in the sand under an umbrella.
1	two children sitting over the sand under an umbrella.
0	2 children sit on the dirt under an umbrella.
1	2 children sit on the dirt near an umbrella.
0	a little boy and girl sitting under an umbrella
1	a little boy and girl sitting below an umbrella
0	a man is wearing an eye patch in a room
1	a man is wearing an eye patch upon a room
0	A young man with an eye patch posing with peace signs
1	a young man with an eye patch posing on peace signs
0	A young man with an eye patch making gestures with his fingers
1	a young man with an eye patch making gestures on his fingers
0	The young person wearing an eye patch poses flashing peace hand signs.
1	a happy man with an eye patch posing with peace signs
1	a happy man with an eye patch making gestures with his fingers
1	the happy person wearing an eye patch poses flashing peace hand signs.
0	In the evening a large amount of open umbrellas are together.
1	over the evening a large amount of open umbrellas are together.
0	Colorful, decorative umbrellas lined up side by side with a city view in the background.
1	colorful, decorative umbrellas lined up side by side with a city view over the background.
0	several colorful umbrellas  on a balcony overlooking a city
1	several colorful umbrellas upon a balcony overlooking a city
0	Three people smiling in front of an airport kiosk.
1	three people smiling beside front of an airport kiosk.
0	Three people standing at a baggage claim at an airport.
1	three people standing over a baggage claim at an airport.
0	3 people smile in the airport amongst a crowd.
1	3 people smile upon the airport amongst a crowd.
0	A brown and white puppy laying on a woman.
1	a brown and white puppy laying beside a woman.
0	A woman laying on a couch with a white and brown puppy.
1	a woman laying upon a couch with a white and brown puppy.
0	A young dog relaxing with his or her human at the end of the day
1	a young dog relaxing on his or her human at the end of the day
0	Nothing is quite as soft as a young puppy.
1	nothing is quite as soft as a happy puppy.
1	a happy dog relaxing with his or her human at the end of the day
0	A man on a bed with a couple of dogs.
1	a man beside a bed with a couple of dogs.
0	A man laying in bed with a dog under a purple blanket.
1	a man laying under bed with a dog under a purple blanket.
0	A man that is laying in a bed with two dogs.
1	a man that is laying under a bed with two dogs.
0	A zebra in front of a fence beside another zebra on the other side of the fence.
1	a zebra in front of a fence beside another zebra beside the other side of the fence.
0	Two zebras standing by a iron fence in a park.
1	two zebras standing on a iron fence in a park.
0	Two zebras stand quietly in their zoo habitat.
1	two zebras stand quietly over their zoo habitat.
0	The iron fence creates an unusual juxtaposition with the Zebra stripes.
1	the iron fence creates an usual juxtaposition with the zebra stripes.
0	a dog laying near a laptop on a bed
1	a dog laying across a laptop on a bed
0	A dog laying in bed next to a laptop.
1	a dog laying at bed next to a laptop.
0	A lark dog sitting on wood floors in a living room.
1	a lark dog sitting beside wood floors in a living room.
0	A dog sitting in a room by a couch.
1	a dog sitting in a room on a couch.
0	A dog is sitting in the middle of a living room.
1	a dog is sitting at the middle of a living room.
0	A man standing on top of a green soccer field.
1	a man standing over top of a green soccer field.
0	People are in the grass playing with a frisbee.
1	people are over the grass playing with a frisbee.
0	Several people on a grassy field playing frisbee.
1	several people upon a grassy field playing frisbee.
0	A group of young people playing with a disc in a grassy field.
1	a group of happy people playing with a disc in a grassy field.
0	some people playing frisbee game in a field
1	some people playing frisbee game under a field
0	Four men playing with a frisbee on the grass.
1	four men playing with a frisbee behind the grass.
0	A group of men play frisbee in a park.
1	a group of men play frisbee at a park.
0	A group of young men playing a game of frisbee in a park.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of frisbee in a park.
0	A group of zebra sculptures are displayed in the grass.
1	a group of zebra sculptures are displayed beside the grass.
0	Riot police on horseback line up across a street
1	riot police in horseback line up across a street
0	Police officers on horseback line up along a city street.
1	police officers with horseback line up along a city street.
0	A horse standing in the grass in a fenced in area.
1	a horse standing beside the grass in a fenced in area.
0	Horse in a large corral eating grass and trees in the back.
1	horse at a large corral eating grass and trees in the back.
0	brown horse in green field with trees and fence
1	brown horse over green field with trees and fence
0	Some men are riding horses in a dirt courtyard.
1	some men are riding horses under a dirt courtyard.
0	Three men on three horses in a courtyard.
1	three men on three horses at a courtyard.
0	A group of people riding on the backs of horses.
1	a group of people riding upon the backs of horses.
0	Three royal mounted guardsmen riding across a field.
1	three royal mounted guardsmen riding below a field.
0	there is a person that is cutting a orange on a cutting board
1	there is a person that is cutting a orange beside a cutting board
0	A cook cutting open fruit in the kitchen.
1	a cook cutting open fruit beside the kitchen.
0	A pile of blood oranges sitting on display in a store.
1	a pile of blood oranges sitting on display beside a store.
0	A piece of fruit is sliced in half and displayed with several other pieces of fruit.
1	a piece of fruit is sliced at half and displayed with several other pieces of fruit.
0	a blood orange cut in half on top of a bunch of other orangets
1	a blood orange cut over half on top of a bunch of other orangets
0	A grapefruit is cut open and placed on a pile.
1	a grapefruit is cut open and placed behind a pile.
0	An adult on skis holding the hand of a child on skis.
1	an adult in skis holding the hand of a child on skis.
0	A man with skis on holds the hand of a child.
1	a man with skis behind holds the hand of a child.
0	An adult and a child walk through the snow on skis.
1	an adult and a child walk within the snow on skis.
0	A man on skis teaches a very small boy how to ski on a snowy landscape.
1	a man beside skis teaches a very small boy how to ski on a snowy landscape.
0	A man and child on skiis practicing skiing.
1	a man and child in skiis practicing skiing.
0	An adult on skiis helps a child stand steady on skiis on snow.
1	an adult on skiis helps a child stand steady behind skiis on snow.
0	A man is instructing a child to ski in a snowy area.
1	a man is instructing a child to ski upon a snowy area.
0	Young skiers on snow covered area in alpine ski resort.
1	young skiers behind snow covered area in alpine ski resort.
0	A large grouo of people having fun on the ski slope.
1	a large grouo of people having fun upon the ski slope.
0	a number of people riding skis on a snowy suface
1	a number of people riding skis over a snowy suface
0	Groups of skiers stand around in the snow.
1	groups of skiers stand around upon the snow.
1	happy skiers on snow covered area in alpine ski resort.
0	A woman standing in front of a table full of bananas.
1	a woman standing at front of a table full of bananas.
0	A woman offers bananas for sale at a market.
1	a woman offers bananas for sale upon a market.
0	Person standing behind a large group of bananas talks to a woman in red.
1	person standing below a large group of bananas talks to a woman in red.
0	a woman standing behind a large display of bananas
1	a woman standing across a large display of bananas
0	Two people in the snow, holding and wearing skis.
1	two people at the snow, holding and wearing skis.
0	A breakfast of waffles, bananas and bacon on a plate.
1	a breakfast of waffles, bananas and bacon upon a plate.
0	A dish that was prepared for an artistic look is on the table.
1	a dish that was prepared for an artistic look is over the table.
0	A person in midair as he skateboards up several steps.
1	a person upon midair as he skateboards up several steps.
0	A MAN IS JUMPING ON THE SKATE BOARD
1	a man is jumping in the skate board
0	This dextrous fellow rides his skateboard on stairs.
1	this dextrous fellow rides his skateboard beside stairs.
0	A young man turns on his skateboard mid-air over the concrete steps.
1	a young man turns on his skateboard mid-air below the concrete steps.
1	a happy man turns on his skateboard mid-air over the concrete steps.
0	Apples sitting in front of a hookah pipe.
1	apples sitting beside front of a hookah pipe.
0	A collection of apples setting on a dining area table.
1	a collection of apples setting upon a dining area table.
0	A table with a lamp next to apples sitting on top of each other.
1	a table with a lamp next to apples sitting with top of each other.
0	A picture of some food on a plate
1	a picture of some food behind a plate
0	a mixture of broccoli and cauliflower on a white platter
1	a mixture of broccoli and cauliflower in a white platter
0	a person washing something under the running water of a faucet next to a bowl of greens.
1	a person washing something below the running water of a faucet next to a bowl of greens.
0	The cook is rinsing a draining the greens at her kitchen sink.
1	the cook is rinsing a draining the greens beside her kitchen sink.
0	A person washing their hands near a bowl of broccoli.
1	a person washing their hands in a bowl of broccoli.
0	A skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp covered in graffiti at night.
1	a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp covered at graffiti at night.
0	A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a graffiti ramp.
1	a man doing a trick on a skateboard in a graffiti ramp.
0	A boy near the top of a skateboard ramp.
1	a boy over the top of a skateboard ramp.
0	A skate boarder riding on a heavily painted skate ramp.
1	a skate boarder riding in a heavily painted skate ramp.
0	A teenager riding it's skateboard on a ramp.
1	a teenager riding it's skateboard with a ramp.
1	a skate boarder riding on a lightly painted skate ramp.
0	A young man is working behind a counter.
1	a young man is working beside a counter.
0	A young man stands in a kitchen watching a griddle.
1	a young man stands upon a kitchen watching a griddle.
0	A young man working at a range in a commercial kitchen.
1	a young man working at a range beside a commercial kitchen.
0	A young man is standing behind a counter, carefully looking over an array of food preparation equipment and related items.
1	a happy man is working behind a counter.
1	a happy man stands in a kitchen watching a griddle.
1	a happy man working at a range in a commercial kitchen.
1	a happy man is standing behind a counter, carefully looking over an array of food preparation equipment and related items.
1	a young man is standing behind a counter, carelessly looking over an array of food preparation equipment and related items.
0	Parkour while skating on a rail in urban
1	parkour while skating beside a rail in urban
0	A skateboarder is grinding on a black rail.
1	a skateboarder is grinding beside a black rail.
0	A group of vegetables on top of  a dark surface.
1	a group of vegetables with top of a dark surface.
0	Carrots and onions and celery on a tray
1	carrots and onions and celery with a tray
0	a table that has some vegetables on top of it
1	a table that has some vegetables beside top of it
0	Vegetables on a cutting board including carrots, celery, onions, potatoes and turnips.
1	vegetables behind a cutting board including carrots, celery, onions, potatoes and turnips.
0	Man in a red shirt and blue jeans skateboarding.
1	man at a red shirt and blue jeans skateboarding.
0	A young boy is skateboarding in the middle of a parking lot.
1	a young boy is skateboarding over the middle of a parking lot.
0	A man riding on a skateboard on the pavement.
1	a man riding beside a skateboard on the pavement.
0	A photo of a boy riding his skateboard in a parking lot.
1	a photo of a boy riding his skateboard upon a parking lot.
1	a happy boy is skateboarding in the middle of a parking lot.
0	A skate boarder is doing stunts on his skate board.
1	a skate boarder is doing stunts beside his skate board.
0	A young man riding a skateboard up into the air.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard up into the air.
0	A woman slicing spam on the table with a digital camera in front of her.
1	a woman slicing spam in the table with a digital camera in front of her.
1	a woman slicing spam on the table with a analog camera in front of her.
0	A man riding a skateboard in a half-pipe.
1	a man riding a skateboard upon a half-pipe.
0	The man is in midair on his skateboard and there is a large building in the background.
1	the man is at midair on his skateboard and there is a large building in the background.
0	A person is riding a skateboard on a ramp.
1	a person is riding a skateboard beside a ramp.
0	a young person kneeling in the snow with their snowboard
1	a young person kneeling upon the snow with their snowboard
0	A gleeful boy with a snowboard plays in the snow.
1	a gleeful boy with a snowboard plays beside the snow.
0	A child with snow sleds smiles in the snow.
1	a child with snow sleds smiles under the snow.
1	a happy person kneeling in the snow with their snowboard
0	a male in a green shirt is holding a sandwich and a drink
1	a male at a green shirt is holding a sandwich and a drink
0	A MAN HOLDING A SANDWICH IN HIS HAND AND LICKING HIS LIP
1	a man holding a sandwich over his hand and licking his lip
0	Pink donut with white sprinkles on the top of it.
1	pink donut with white sprinkles beside the top of it.
0	A red icing doughnut with sprinkles on top.
1	a red icing doughnut with sprinkles beside top.
0	there is half of a sandwich wrapped in a paper
1	there is half of a sandwich wrapped beside a paper
0	a sandwich in a wrapper on a table
1	a sandwich under a wrapper on a table
0	Two girls eating donuts in a house.
1	two girls eating donuts over a house.
0	Two young girls eating doughnuts together at a home.
1	two young girls eating doughnuts together upon a home.
1	two happy girls eating doughnuts together at a home.
0	A sausage and some vegetables are on a tray.
1	a sausage and some vegetables are beside a tray.
0	A sausage on a piece of bread next to different kinds of vegetables.
1	a sausage in a piece of bread next to different kinds of vegetables.
0	A sausage sandwhich on a white plate with vegetables.
1	a sausage sandwhich beside a white plate with vegetables.
0	A sausage sits on a takeout plate with spicy carrots.
1	a sausage sits upon a takeout plate with spicy carrots.
0	A sausage on a bun with the trimmings on the same plate.
1	a sausage on a bun with the trimmings upon the same plate.
1	a sausage on a piece of bread next to like kinds of vegetables.
0	A baby sitting on top of a surf board on the beach.
1	a baby sitting with top of a surf board on the beach.
0	A young child sitting on a surfboard at a beach.
1	a young child sitting in a surfboard at a beach.
0	a baby sitting on a surfboard on a beach
1	a baby sitting in a surfboard on a beach
0	A little boy sitting on top of a surfboard.
1	a little boy sitting in top of a surfboard.
0	A little baby at the beach is sitting on a surfboard.
1	a little baby at the beach is sitting upon a surfboard.
1	a happy child sitting on a surfboard at a beach.
0	a cookie made into a bear with a bib on
1	a cookie made into a bear with a bib with
0	A brown teddy bear with a blud bib on that says baby.
1	a brown teddy bear with a blud bib upon that says baby.
0	A plate that has prepared food on it.
1	a plate that has prepared food beside it.
0	The sandwich on the plate is cut in half near bread with jelly on it.
1	the sandwich on the plate is cut in half near bread with jelly behind it.
0	a plate that has some food on top of it
1	a plate that has some food upon top of it
0	A sliced grilled sandwich on a white plate on a wooden table.
1	a sliced grilled sandwich on a white plate with a wooden table.
0	A couple of people on kayak boats in the middle of the ocean.
1	a couple of people on kayak boats upon the middle of the ocean.
0	A photo overlooking a body of water with people in kayaks.
1	a photo overlooking a body of water with people over kayaks.
0	there are many canoes that are in the water
1	there are many canoes that are beside the water
0	kiaks in water with buildings in the background
1	kiaks upon water with buildings in the background
0	Several kayaks moving across smooth waters with buildings in the background
1	several kayaks moving across smooth waters on buildings in the background
0	A blue counter in a very small room.
1	a blue counter at a very small room.
0	A small sleeping space in a small room.
1	a small sleeping space at a small room.
0	An x-ray machine in a hospital next to a bed.
1	an x-ray machine under a hospital next to a bed.
0	A single bed sits on a wood floor surrounded by partially-filled bottles of colored liquid.
1	a single bed sits on a wood floor surrounded on partially-filled bottles of colored liquid.
0	A bed on an empty floor surrounded by plastic bottles.
1	a bed over an empty floor surrounded by plastic bottles.
0	a bunch of bottle sitting under a little bed
1	a bunch of bottle sitting below a little bed
0	There are clothes all over a desk and a bed.
1	there are clothes all on a desk and a bed.
0	A messy room with a laptop on a bed.
1	a messy room with a laptop in a bed.
0	There are two beds next to each other in the room.
1	there are two beds next to each other beside the room.
0	Two beds with a nightstand in between them.
1	two beds with a nightstand beside between them.
0	A girl laying in a hospital bed, a bandage on her arm.
1	a girl laying at a hospital bed, a bandage on her arm.
0	a close up of a young person in a bed
1	a close underneath of a young person in a bed
0	A little girl laying in bed while yawning.
1	a little girl laying beside bed while yawning.
0	A child laying down on a bed in a room.
1	a child laying down in a bed in a room.
0	young girl wearing a lime green outfit laying on a hospital bed
1	a close up of a happy person in a bed
1	happy girl wearing a lime green outfit laying on a hospital bed
0	A black cat sleeping on a white bedspread.
1	a black cat sleeping with a white bedspread.
0	a black cat sleeping on top of a bed peacefully.
1	a black cat sleeping beside top of a bed peacefully.
0	A black cat asleep on a the top of a bed.
1	a black cat asleep in a the top of a bed.
0	A bed with striped comforter in a room
1	a bed with striped comforter over a room
0	A bed with large striped bedclothes is in a room.
1	a bed with large striped bedclothes is at a room.
0	Small bed with a wooden frame in a small designed room with yellow painted walls.
1	small bed with a wooden frame beside a small designed room with yellow painted walls.
0	The man looks eagerly at a huge pizza in front of him.
1	the man looks eagerly at a huge pizza at front of him.
0	A man looks down at a giant pizza.
1	a man looks down over a giant pizza.
0	A very large pizza sitting in front of a man.
1	a very large pizza sitting beside front of a man.
0	a man looking at a large pizza covered with veggies
1	a man looking beside a large pizza covered with veggies
1	the man looks eagerly at a tiny pizza in front of him.
0	A woman holding a tennis racquet on a  tennis court.
1	a woman holding a tennis racquet beside a tennis court.
0	A tennis player is taking a swing on a red court.
1	a tennis player is taking a swing over a red court.
0	The woman is playing tennis on the court.
1	the woman is playing tennis in the court.
0	A woman in a short skirt playing tennis.
1	a woman upon a short skirt playing tennis.
0	a young female with tennis racket ready to strike the tennis ball
1	a happy female with tennis racket ready to strike the tennis ball
1	a woman in a long skirt playing tennis.
0	A large black cat laying on top of a pink laptop.
1	a large black cat laying upon top of a pink laptop.
0	The black cat is lying on the keyboard of the computer.
1	the black cat is lying behind the keyboard of the computer.
0	A black cat curls up on an open laptop computer.
1	a black cat curls up in an open laptop computer.
0	A cat sitting on a laptop with the caption "your not getting it back"
1	a cat sitting in a laptop with the caption "your not getting it back"
0	A cat is playing on a small computer.
1	a cat is playing with a small computer.
0	A woman in yellow is hitting a tennis ball on a clay court.
1	a woman over yellow is hitting a tennis ball on a clay court.
0	A woman on a clay tennis court returning a hit
1	a woman over a clay tennis court returning a hit
0	A beautiful young lady swinging a tennis racquet.
1	a ugly young lady swinging a tennis racquet.
0	Two pizzas with cheese and an egg on top.
1	two pizzas with cheese and an egg beside top.
0	A pizza with veggies and eggs on it.
1	a pizza with veggies and eggs upon it.
0	Two pictures of a WII wand cover, empty and in use
1	two pictures of a wii wand cover, empty and upon use
0	A laptop computer on a desk with a wireless keyboard and mouse.
1	a laptop computer with a desk with a wireless keyboard and mouse.
0	A laptop computer is on a shiny glass desk.
1	a laptop computer is upon a shiny glass desk.
0	A desktop that has only a computer and keyboard on it.
1	a desktop that has only a computer and keyboard beside it.
0	A man with glass is sitting over a laptop computer.
1	a man on glass is sitting over a laptop computer.
0	A person in front of a laptop with elbows on the desk.
1	a person over front of a laptop with elbows on the desk.
0	A man at a computer desk looking at the camera.
1	a man beside a computer desk looking at the camera.
0	A man on a laptop while sitting on a couch.
1	a man on a laptop while sitting upon a couch.
0	A man works on his laptop on a couch filled with baby blankets.
1	a man works on his laptop on a couch filled on baby blankets.
0	A man on a laptop sitting on a sofa.
1	a man in a laptop sitting on a sofa.
0	A person setting on couch working on a laptop computer.
1	a person setting upon couch working on a laptop computer.
0	A thin young man sits on a couch using a laptop.
1	a thin happy man sits on a couch using a laptop.
0	Purple couch in a living room with a coffee table.
1	purple couch at a living room with a coffee table.
0	A young boy flying a kite in a field.
1	a young boy flying a kite over a field.
0	A boy running in a field while holding a kite.
1	a boy running at a field while holding a kite.
0	A boy running and flying a kite in a field.
1	a boy running and flying a kite over a field.
0	A young child running while flying a kite.
1	a happy child running while flying a kite.
1	a happy boy flying a kite in a field.
0	A little boy is outside with a garden tool by the garden.
1	a little boy is outside with a garden tool on the garden.
0	A pizza sitting on top of a metal pan on a stove.
1	a pizza sitting with top of a metal pan on a stove.
0	A tray with a pizza with several toppings on it
1	a tray with a pizza with several toppings beside it
0	A cheesy pizza with red peppers is in a box.
1	a cheesy pizza with red peppers is at a box.
0	A meal from Japan or China on a tray.
1	a meal from japan or china over a tray.
0	A pizza with cheese and vegetables in a box.
1	a pizza with cheese and vegetables over a box.
0	A striking face and green eyes are apparent on the cat.
1	a striking face and green eyes are apparent beside the cat.
0	a black cat sitting on a pink laptop
1	a black cat sitting in a pink laptop
0	A black cat lying on a pink computer keyboard.
1	a black cat lying over a pink computer keyboard.
0	Cat lying on keyboard of laptop computer in residential home.
1	cat lying over keyboard of laptop computer in residential home.
0	A woman sitting in front of a table with a pitcher of beer.
1	a woman sitting beside front of a table with a pitcher of beer.
0	a woman and her fridnds dine in a nice cafe
1	a woman and her fridnds dine under a nice cafe
0	a group of people that are sitting at a table
1	a group of people that are sitting across a table
0	a woman with a green oven mitt is checking on her baking
1	a woman on a green oven mitt is checking on her baking
0	A man in holding a tube next to a shirt.
1	a man at holding a tube next to a shirt.
0	A man is steaming his clothes in a bathroom.
1	a man is steaming his clothes upon a bathroom.
0	A man is using a blow dryer on a blue checked piece of clothing.
1	a man is using a blow dryer over a blue checked piece of clothing.
0	There is a man that is holding cloth in his hand
1	there is a man that is holding cloth over his hand
0	A plate of beans, eggs, and toast is on the table.
1	a plate of beans, eggs, and toast is with the table.
0	Two men sit on a bench as they talk
1	two men sit in a bench as they talk
0	A group of men sitting on a bench together.
1	a group of men sitting upon a bench together.
0	a couple of people that are sitting on a bench
1	a couple of people that are sitting behind a bench
0	Several people sitting on benches and walking through a common area
1	several people sitting on benches and walking up a common area
0	A couple of men sitting on top of a bench.
1	a couple of men sitting in top of a bench.
0	A man with a cell phone sitting next to others on a bench.
1	a man with a cell phone sitting next to others with a bench.
0	a man on skis holds onto the hands of a small girl on skis
1	a man beside skis holds onto the hands of a small girl on skis
0	three adults and one child skiing on a snow covered ski slope.
1	three adults and one child skiing behind a snow covered ski slope.
0	Several adults and a child are skiing along on a flat snowy patch.
1	several adults and a child are skiing along upon a flat snowy patch.
0	People are snow skiing with a little baby in hand.
1	people are snow skiing with a little baby at hand.
0	Group of people helping a small child ski on a snow trail.
1	group of people helping a small child ski behind a snow trail.
0	A kitchen has a sink, stove, refrigerator, and window in it.
1	a kitchen has a sink, stove, refrigerator, and window upon it.
0	A large island sits in a tidy kitchen.
1	a large island sits under a tidy kitchen.
0	A kitchen has a stove with cupcakes on top of it.
1	a kitchen has a stove with cupcakes behind top of it.
0	Cupcakes cool on top of the stove in the kitchen.
1	cupcakes cool behind top of the stove in the kitchen.
0	a oven with some trey of baked goods on top of it
1	a oven with some trey of baked goods upon top of it
0	A stove top oven with pans of muffins on it.
1	a stove top oven on pans of muffins on it.
0	A doll sitting at a table with fake food.
1	a doll sitting beside a table with fake food.
0	a toy set of a person in a kitchen
1	a toy set of a person under a kitchen
0	Female toy doll displayed in kitchen of miniature doll house.
1	female toy doll displayed over kitchen of miniature doll house.
0	The doll is posed at the table eating a meal.
1	the doll is posed behind the table eating a meal.
0	A brown songbird perched on the handlebars of a bicycle.
1	a brown songbird perched over the handlebars of a bicycle.
0	A small brown bird is sitting on the handle bar of a bicycle.
1	a small brown bird is sitting beside the handle bar of a bicycle.
0	A brown and yellow bird sitting on a bike's handlebars
1	a brown and yellow bird sitting beside a bike's handlebars
0	A brown bird perched on the handle of a bike.
1	a brown bird perched in the handle of a bike.
0	a close up of a bike parked indoors near a wall
1	a close up of a bike parked indoors upon a wall
0	A bike that is on the ground in a store.
1	a bike that is in the ground in a store.
0	A bicycle parked by a wall plastered with Asian posters.
1	a bicycle parked on a wall plastered with asian posters.
0	A bathtub with legs on it positioned near a toilet.
1	a bathtub with legs on it positioned in a toilet.
0	a bathroom that has a sink and a toilet in it
1	a bathroom that has a sink and a toilet upon it
0	A bathroom with a red color scheme on the walls.
1	a bathroom with a red color scheme upon the walls.
0	A bathroom with a tub, toilet, sink, a counter and a cabinet in it.
1	a bathroom with a tub, toilet, sink, a counter and a cabinet under it.
0	an image of a night scene with a cat on top of a car
1	an image of a night scene with a cat beside top of a car
0	Night picture of a car parked and some parking lights in the distance.
1	night picture of a car parked and some parking lights at the distance.
0	A cat sitting on top of a car at night time.
1	a cat sitting in top of a car at night time.
0	A cat sitting on a car parked outside a building at night.
1	a cat sitting over a car parked outside a building at night.
0	A white toilet and a sink in a room.
1	a white toilet and a sink under a room.
0	Three urinals in a row in a bathroom.
1	three urinals upon a row in a bathroom.
0	there are three urinals hanging on the wall in a public bathroom
1	there are three urinals hanging on the wall over a public bathroom
0	Three urinals in a men's public bathroom stall.
1	three urinals under a men's public bathroom stall.
0	A woman dressed in leather poses on a motorcycle.
1	a woman dressed in leather poses upon a motorcycle.
0	a person sitting on a motorcycle near a building
1	a person sitting on a motorcycle below a building
0	Woman in fringe jacket sitting atop a motorcycle.
1	woman under fringe jacket sitting atop a motorcycle.
0	A woman wearing black leather sits on her motorcycle.
1	a woman wearing black leather sits in her motorcycle.
0	Two people standing next to a motorcycle on a brick path.
1	two people standing next to a motorcycle behind a brick path.
0	Many people walk close to motorcycles parked near a sidewalk.
1	many people walk close to motorcycles parked across a sidewalk.
0	A guy on a motorcycle riding down a street lined with motorcycles.
1	a guy beside a motorcycle riding down a street lined with motorcycles.
0	a number of people riding motorcycles on a city street
1	a number of people riding motorcycles over a city street
0	A man rides his chopped motorcycle down the street at a motorcycle rally.
1	a man rides his chopped motorcycle down the street behind a motorcycle rally.
0	A cyclist at a biking convention riding his bike.
1	a cyclist beside a biking convention riding his bike.
0	Man on blue and white motorcycle riding on one wheel.
1	man behind blue and white motorcycle riding on one wheel.
0	A person on a motorcycle riding on the front wheel.
1	a person on a motorcycle riding in the front wheel.
0	A man riding on the back of a motorcycle.
1	a man riding beside the back of a motorcycle.
0	A man doing a trick on a racing motorcycle on one wheel.
1	a man doing a trick upon a racing motorcycle on one wheel.
0	A person on a motor bike on a street.
1	a person behind a motor bike on a street.
0	A person is holding a hot dog in a handbag.
1	a person is holding a hot dog beside a handbag.
0	a woman in a black jacket has some food in her black bag
1	a woman over a black jacket has some food in her black bag
0	Hot dog wrapped in paper towel in a purse.
1	hot dog wrapped beside paper towel in a purse.
0	Hot dog with ketchup in paper wrapper inside a black bag.
1	hot dog with ketchup at paper wrapper inside a black bag.
0	People on a boat looking at a plane in the water.
1	people upon a boat looking at a plane in the water.
0	A man and woman are riding a speedboat near a plane that is landed in the water.
1	a man and woman are riding a speedboat across a plane that is landed in the water.
0	Woman on boat taking photo of a plane.
1	woman upon boat taking photo of a plane.
0	A motor boat driving next to a Coulson flying tanker plane that has landed in the water.
1	a motor boat driving next to a coulson flying tanker plane that has landed upon the water.
0	a black and white photo of a male sitting on a bench
1	a black and white photo of a male sitting in a bench
0	Man sitting on bench outside of stone walled building with iron fencing.
1	man sitting on bench underneath of stone walled building with iron fencing.
0	A man relaxes in a bench in front of a stone walled building.
1	a man relaxes under a bench in front of a stone walled building.
0	Young man and his backpack resting on a bench in front of a building.
1	young man and his backpack resting upon a bench in front of a building.
1	happy man and his backpack resting on a bench in front of a building.
0	A red light that is on a pole.
1	a red light that is in a pole.
0	Here is a traffic light on a busy city street.
1	here is a traffic light behind a busy city street.
0	A lot of cars stopped at a red stop light on a busy street.
1	a lot of cars stopped behind a red stop light on a busy street.
0	Railway crossing lights stop traffic at a city intersection
1	railway crossing lights stop traffic over a city intersection
0	The cars are waiting at the stop light on the street.
1	the cars are waiting across the stop light on the street.
0	A power tool sitting on a wooden table next to a knife.
1	a power tool sitting over a wooden table next to a knife.
0	A gift wrapped with a ribbon sits on a table with a knife.
1	a gift wrapped on a ribbon sits on a table with a knife.
0	a knife sitting on a table next to boxes of machinery
1	a knife sitting in a table next to boxes of machinery
0	An adult and baby giraffe walking through a field.
1	an adult and baby giraffe walking around` a field.
0	Both an adult and young giraffe walking in a field.
1	both an adult and young giraffe walking at a field.
0	A tall giraffe is followed by a small giraffe in brown grass.
1	a tall giraffe is followed by a small giraffe over brown grass.
1	both an adult and happy giraffe walking in a field.
0	A giraffe in a grassy field near a hill.
1	a giraffe in a grassy field across a hill.
0	a giraffe in a field with many bushes near by
1	a giraffe beside a field with many bushes near by
0	A giraffe is standing in tall grass near a hill.
1	a giraffe is standing in tall grass below a hill.
0	A giraffe is standing in low brush at the bottom of a rocky outcrop.
1	a giraffe is standing upon low brush at the bottom of a rocky outcrop.
0	A giraffe's profile against a blue sky beside a large hill.
1	a giraffe's profile against a blue sky upon a large hill.
0	Vehicles parked under a tree in a small yard.
1	vehicles parked beside a tree in a small yard.
0	The bus is parked by the tree outside.
1	the bus is parked by the tree within.
0	An old bus parked near a tree and fence.
1	an old bus parked upon a tree and fence.
0	A transit bus with a small half trailer sitting in a driveway.
1	a transit bus with a small half trailer sitting beside a driveway.
0	The green and beige double decker bus is parked beside a brick building.
1	the green and beige double decker bus is parked in a brick building.
0	A double decker bus parked in a courtyard next to a building.
1	a double decker bus parked under a courtyard next to a building.
0	a tall green bus is on the road
1	a tall green bus is beside the road
0	A rusty old fire hydrant on an inner city street
1	a rusty old fire hydrant over an inner city street
0	A close up of a rusty fire hydrant.
1	a close within of a rusty fire hydrant.
0	A close up picture of a fire hydrant on a street.
1	a close up picture of a fire hydrant beside a street.
1	a rusty old fire hydrant on an outer city street
0	A herd of sheep that are grazing on some grass.
1	a herd of sheep that are grazing in some grass.
0	couple of sheep are on the other side of the fence
1	couple of sheep are in the other side of the fence
0	The sheep are in a field behind a fence near a large poster.
1	the sheep are in a field behind a fence over a large poster.
0	A bunch of animals that are standing in the grass.
1	a bunch of animals that are standing under the grass.
0	three green buses parked side by side in a lot
1	three green buses parked side by side beside a lot
0	Three green buses parked in a row in a lot.
1	three green buses parked in a row beside a lot.
0	Old, green buses sit side by side in a parking lot.
1	old, green buses sit side on side in a parking lot.
0	Two green buses in London that are clean and shiny.
1	two green buses beside london that are clean and shiny.
0	A bird is standing on top of a picnic table next to some trees.
1	a bird is standing with top of a picnic table next to some trees.
0	A bird sitting on a picnic table in the park.
1	a bird sitting beside a picnic table in the park.
0	A bird sits on the picnic table at the park.
1	a bird sits upon the picnic table at the park.
0	A picnic table in a park with a bird sitting on it.
1	a picnic table in a park with a bird sitting with it.
0	a person walking on a street with a public transit bus
1	a person walking upon a street with a public transit bus
0	A red fireplug has one cap removed that is connected on a chain.
1	a red fireplug has one cap removed that is connected behind a chain.
0	A red fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk with it's cap off.
1	a red fire hydrant sitting beside a sidewalk with it's cap off.
0	A man standing next to a train going through grand central station
1	a man standing next to a train going around` grand central station
0	A train sitting parked in a station near a platform.
1	a train sitting parked in a station below a platform.
0	a train stopped in a station with a woman walking beside it
1	a train stopped in a station with a woman walking in it
0	A covered train station with a passenger train parked next to the platform and a person walking on the platform.
1	a covered train station with a passenger train parked next to the platform and a person walking over the platform.
1	a man standing next to a train going through grand peripheral station
0	a train sits on a railroad track as a metal awning covers it
1	a train sits with a railroad track as a metal awning covers it
0	A train is stopping at a train stop in a subway.
1	a train is stopping at a train stop over a subway.
0	A train sitting at a train station on train tracks.
1	a train sitting beside a train station on train tracks.
0	A tram exiting the station with headlights on.
1	a tram exiting the station with headlights behind.
0	The train is stopped at one of the main stops.
1	the train is stopped behind one of the main stops.
0	A white and red subway sits at a covered station.
1	a white and red subway sits beside a covered station.
0	A long red and white train going down the track
1	a short red and white train going down the track
0	Small bird standing on rope near open ocean.
1	small bird standing on rope below open ocean.
0	a bird perched on top of a white rope near the ocean.
1	a bird perched behind top of a white rope near the ocean.
0	A bird sitting on a rope near the ocean.
1	a bird sitting behind a rope near the ocean.
0	A view from inside a car looking down a highway.
1	a view from through a car looking down a highway.
0	A train that is sitting on the tracks under wires.
1	a train that is sitting in the tracks under wires.
0	THERE IS A COMMUTER TRAIN THAT IS ON THE TRACKS
1	there is a commuter train that is upon the tracks
0	A high speed train sits in the sunlight of the train depot.
1	a high speed train sits beside the sunlight of the train depot.
0	Two cows and a puppy sitting in the grass.
1	two cows and a puppy sitting upon the grass.
0	Two cows stand behind a chained up dog.
1	two cows stand beside a chained up dog.
0	A puppy sits in the grass near two cows.
1	a puppy sits in the grass over two cows.
0	A cat laying on top of shoes on a floor.
1	a cat laying behind top of shoes on a floor.
0	a brown and white cat is laying on a pile of shoes
1	a brown and white cat is laying over a pile of shoes
0	a cat laying on top of some shoes
1	a cat laying beside top of some shoes
0	A cat resting on the ground on top of various shoes.
1	a cat resting in the ground on top of various shoes.
0	A cat resting on the ground on a pile of shoes.
1	a cat resting with the ground on a pile of shoes.
0	a grey and white cat is sitting on some shoes
1	a grey and white cat is sitting with some shoes
0	A cat is laying inside a suitcase with a blue interior that is sitting on top of a bed
1	a cat is laying inside a suitcase with a blue interior that is sitting with top of a bed
0	A cat is relaxing in an open empty suitcase.
1	a cat is relaxing upon an open empty suitcase.
0	A kitten is sitting in one of two open luggage cases on a bed.
1	a kitten is sitting in one of two open luggage cases beside a bed.
0	A cat laying down in a suitcase on top of a bed.
1	a cat laying down upon a suitcase on top of a bed.
0	A cat sits on the inside of a suitcase.
1	a cat sits in the inside of a suitcase.
0	A cats tail sitting on to of a laptop computer on a desk.
1	a cats tail sitting over to of a laptop computer on a desk.
0	A laptop computer with a cat tail on it.
1	a laptop computer with a cat tail with it.
0	A cat sitting on a desk with tail wrapped around the front of a laptop.
1	a cat sitting upon a desk with tail wrapped around the front of a laptop.
0	A laptop on a desk with a cat laying on it.
1	a laptop behind a desk with a cat laying on it.
0	a cat laying down on top of a computer
1	a cat laying down with top of a computer
0	A cat that is laying down on a laptop.
1	a cat that is laying down upon a laptop.
0	A cat sitting on a laptop keyboard on a desk.
1	a cat sitting in a laptop keyboard on a desk.
0	A cat lays on top of a laptop computer that is sitting on a desk.
1	a cat lays with top of a laptop computer that is sitting on a desk.
0	A small elephant made of stone sitting beside a vase.
1	a small elephant made of stone sitting upon a vase.
0	A row of seven with boats facing camera and docked in water in front of a low building with three roof tops.
1	a row of seven with boats facing camera and docked at water in front of a low building with three roof tops.
0	The photo shows several boats are docked in the harbor.
1	the photo shows several boats are docked at the harbor.
0	A number of speed boats in the water anchored on a bay
1	a number of speed boats over the water anchored on a bay
0	A man in a tie standing in a white room.
1	a man upon a tie standing in a white room.
0	A young man standing in an almost empty room.
1	a young man standing upon an almost empty room.
0	A man dressed in business casual attire is alone in a room.
1	a man dressed upon business casual attire is alone in a room.
1	a happy man standing in an almost empty room.
0	Woman addresses a group in business attire carrying umbrellas.
1	woman addresses a group upon business attire carrying umbrellas.
0	An open-air produce market on a Southeast Asian street.
1	an open-air produce market beside a southeast asian street.
0	Covered and uncovered produce is sitting on tables at a market.
1	covered and uncovered produce is sitting on tables beside a market.
0	A woman walking in the street with a yellow umbrella.
1	a woman walking in the street on a yellow umbrella.
0	a close up of a large and a small elephant
1	a close towards of a large and a small elephant
0	The baby elephant is walking in front of an adult elephant.
1	the baby elephant is walking over front of an adult elephant.
0	A dog leans over and sniffs a piece of concrete.
1	a dog leans on and sniffs a piece of concrete.
0	A dog investigates a metal lid on the ground.
1	a dog investigates a metal lid upon the ground.
0	A dog is sniffing a piece of metal on the ground.
1	a dog is sniffing a piece of metal with the ground.
0	A white comforter with a toy, book and child shirt on the top of it.
1	a white comforter with a toy, book and child shirt behind the top of it.
0	A shirt, stuffed animal, book and pillows on top of a bed.
1	a shirt, stuffed animal, book and pillows upon top of a bed.
0	some clothes, books and teddy bear sitting on a bed
1	some clothes, books and teddy bear sitting with a bed
0	A small child is holding a toy at the park.
1	a small child is holding a toy behind the park.
0	The woman smiles behind a child who's holding a large toy.
1	the woman smiles in a child who's holding a large toy.
0	A woman and small boy playing outside on a path.
1	a woman and small boy playing outside behind a path.
0	Small child holding an orange and yellow sign in front of a woman.
1	small child holding an orange and yellow sign over front of a woman.
0	Two people playing frisbee in the ocean near shore.
1	two people playing frisbee in the ocean across shore.
0	a couple of people standing waist deep in the ocean
1	a couple of people standing waist deep under the ocean
0	Two men who are playing Frisbee in the ocean.
1	two men who are playing frisbee under the ocean.
0	a polar bear near rocks made to look like ice
1	a polar bear upon rocks made to look like ice
0	A wet polar bear looks up at the sky in his zoo enclosure
1	a wet polar bear looks up at the sky beside his zoo enclosure
0	Polar bear is looking at something in the sky.
1	polar bear is looking at something over the sky.
0	A polar bear in a polar bear enclosure at a zoo looking up.
1	a polar bear in a polar bear enclosure over a zoo looking up.
0	A dog looks out through a wire mesh hole in the fence.
1	a dog looks out through a wire mesh hole at the fence.
0	A dog staring out a hole in a wooden fence.
1	a dog staring out a hole beside a wooden fence.
0	His favorite hole in the fence is now covered with wire.
1	his favorite hole upon the fence is now covered with wire.
0	Dogs looking out through fencing from a wooden pen.
1	dogs looking out around` fencing from a wooden pen.
0	a dog behind a fence in a wooden structure
1	a dog behind a fence under a wooden structure
0	A zebra standing on a dirt hillside next to a tree trunk.
1	a zebra standing over a dirt hillside next to a tree trunk.
0	A zebra standing in a large dirt field.
1	a zebra standing under a large dirt field.
0	Zebra near tree drinking water on sandy ground.
1	zebra in tree drinking water on sandy ground.
0	A Zebra standing around in the middle of a desert area.
1	a zebra standing around upon the middle of a desert area.
0	A zebra rolling on its back on the ground.
1	a zebra rolling on its back beside the ground.
0	A single zebra is rolling around in the dirt.
1	a single zebra is rolling around upon the dirt.
0	A zebra rolling around on his back in the dirt.
1	a zebra rolling around on his back at the dirt.
0	A Zebra is laying down on the field, in the wilderness.
1	a zebra is laying down in the field, in the wilderness.
0	A zebra rolls around on its back in a field.
1	a zebra rolls around behind its back in a field.
0	A man on horse watching people play a game of baseball.
1	a man upon horse watching people play a game of baseball.
0	A person is sitting on a horse watching a baseball game.
1	a person is sitting in a horse watching a baseball game.
0	a man sitting on a horse standing by a tree
1	a man sitting beside a horse standing by a tree
0	A police officer on horse back watching a baseball game.
1	a police officer upon horse back watching a baseball game.
0	A herd of zebra walking across a lush green field.
1	a herd of zebra walking beside a lush green field.
0	Several zebras walking in the tall grass.
1	several zebras walking beside the tall grass.
0	Zebras grazing in open field of tall grasses.
1	zebras grazing beside open field of tall grasses.
0	Some very pretty zebras in a big grassy field.
1	some very pretty zebras under a big grassy field.
0	there are four zebras walking in a field
1	there are four zebras walking beside a field
0	A horse drawn carriage parked on top of a field.
1	a horse drawn carriage parked behind top of a field.
0	A man that is sitting on a cart attached to a horse.
1	a man that is sitting behind a cart attached to a horse.
0	Horse drawn carriage in wide open field with old fashioned clothing
1	horse drawn carriage under wide open field with old fashioned clothing
0	a horse pulling a cart with a person on top of it
1	a horse pulling a cart with a person in top of it
0	A horse drawn fire truck traveling across a field.
1	a horse drawn fire truck traveling below a field.
0	Men are riding on a carriage pulled by horses.
1	men are riding on a carriage pulled on horses.
0	Two horses pulling a cart with machinery and 4 people on it
1	two horses pulling a cart with machinery and 4 people behind it
0	Two horses pull a colorful carriage with four men on it on a parade ground.
1	two horses pull a colorful carriage with four men on it over a parade ground.
0	A man riding on the back of horses while standing.
1	a man riding in the back of horses while standing.
0	people with a horse performing on the stage
1	people with a horse performing beside the stage
0	a couple of people that are standing on some horse
1	a couple of people that are standing with some horse
0	A woman posing with a bunch of bananas in Sri Lanka.
1	a woman posing on a bunch of bananas in sri lanka.
0	The woman smiles while holding a bushel of bananas in her hand.
1	the woman smiles while holding a bushel of bananas under her hand.
0	A couple of people that are standing on ski's in the snow.
1	a couple of people that are standing on ski's at the snow.
0	Two people wearing skis in a snowy open area face a city with tall buildings while one of the men takes a picture.
1	two people wearing skis at a snowy open area face a city with tall buildings while one of the men takes a picture.
0	A couple of people on skis in the snow.
1	a couple of people beside skis in the snow.
0	A couple of men standing next to each other on a ski slope.
1	a couple of men standing next to each other with a ski slope.
0	A skier making a jump on a snowy hill.
1	a skier making a jump behind a snowy hill.
0	A skier jumps over a snowy hill with pine trees surrounding .
1	a skier jumps at a snowy hill with pine trees surrounding.
0	A skiier skis over a jump with pine trees in the background.
1	a skiier skis on a jump with pine trees in the background.
0	a person jumping skis in the air
1	a person jumping skis under the air
0	A professional baseball pitcher stands on the mound.
1	a professional baseball pitcher stands behind the mound.
0	A pitcher stands on the mound while the umpire, players, and crowd look on.
1	a pitcher stands over the mound while the umpire, players, and crowd look on.
0	San Francisco Giants pitcher standing on the mound looking at a runner on base and an umpire
1	san francisco giants pitcher standing on the mound looking at a runner behind base and an umpire
0	The pizza is on the plate on the table.
1	the pizza is upon the plate on the table.
0	Food that has a crust lays on a red and white plate.
1	food that has a crust lays upon a red and white plate.
0	a plate that has a pizza on it
1	a plate that has a pizza beside it
0	A girl in pink shirt sitting at a table with green cup.
1	a girl at pink shirt sitting at a table with green cup.
0	Little girl holding cup smiles and point with a bowl of food in front of her
1	little girl holding cup smiles and point with a bowl of food at front of her
0	A little girl holding a green cup in front of a bowl of food.
1	a little girl holding a green cup at front of a bowl of food.
0	a toddler sitting at the kitchen table with a bib in front of her meal
1	a toddler sitting at the kitchen table with a bib beside front of her meal
0	The young baseball player swings high at the oncoming pitch for a strike.
1	the young baseball player swings high across the oncoming pitch for a strike.
1	the happy baseball player swings high at the oncoming pitch for a strike.
0	A person on skis standing on the snow next to some dogs.
1	a person in skis standing on the snow next to some dogs.
0	A hiker took his dogs out on the snowy mountain.
1	a hiker took his dogs out upon the snowy mountain.
0	a person standing by two dogs standing in the snow
1	a person standing by two dogs standing at the snow
0	A person standing on a mountain with two dogs
1	a person standing beside a mountain with two dogs
0	a person riding skis on a snowy surface
1	a person riding skis over a snowy surface
0	A girl hitching a ride with her Dad on a skateboard
1	a girl hitching a ride with her dad beside a skateboard
0	A girl sits between a mans legs on a skateboard.
1	a girl sits between a mans legs beside a skateboard.
0	the skateboarder has a passenger on his skateboard.
1	the skateboarder has a passenger upon his skateboard.
0	a small kid rides on a skate board
1	a small kid rides behind a skate board
0	A very small boy in preppy clothes sitting on a skateboard.
1	a very small boy at preppy clothes sitting on a skateboard.
0	A little boy sits on a skateboard and pushes it with his feet.
1	a little boy sits with a skateboard and pushes it with his feet.
0	A boy riding a skateboard on his knees. The child is very young.
1	a boy riding a skateboard on his knees. the child is very happy.
0	A burger and french fries on a table.
1	a burger and french fries upon a table.
0	Two hot dogs covered in chili and sour kraut.
1	two hot dogs covered under chili and sour kraut.
0	Two hot dogs in wrappers on a table.
1	two hot dogs in wrappers behind a table.
0	Two hotdogs with chilli an onions on a tray.
1	two hotdogs with chilli an onions with a tray.
0	Two hot dogs with toppings sit on foil wrappers.
1	two hot dogs on toppings sit on foil wrappers.
0	People holding small soccer balls in their hands.
1	people holding small soccer balls under their hands.
0	Several people standing around with small balls in their hands while one man is signing one.
1	several people standing around with small balls at their hands while one man is signing one.
0	a crowd of people are all gathered inside
1	a crowd of people are all gathered through
0	A person standing by a building with a doughnut.
1	a person standing by a building on a doughnut.
0	A WOMAN IS EATING A DOUGHNUT AND SMILING ITH IT IN HAND
1	a woman is eating a doughnut and smiling ith it upon hand
0	A woman with a cake and bag on the street
1	a woman with a cake and bag upon the street
0	A woman eating a doughnut with a smile on her face.
1	a woman eating a doughnut on a smile on her face.
0	Somebody cutting the crusts off a sandwich in a kitchen
1	somebody cutting the crusts off a sandwich beside a kitchen
0	The bowl of soup and a sandwich is ready on the table.
1	the bowl of soup and a sandwich is ready in the table.
0	There is soup in the bowl and a sandwich on a plate.
1	there is soup over the bowl and a sandwich on a plate.
0	a couple of plates that have some food on them
1	a couple of plates that have some food over them
0	A plate with a sandwich cut in half and a plate of soup.
1	a plate with a sandwich cut over half and a plate of soup.
0	White plate with a sandwich cut in half with a bowl of cherries.
1	white plate with a sandwich cut under half with a bowl of cherries.
0	3 People in a dirt field playing soccer.
1	3 people under a dirt field playing soccer.
0	a couple of people are kicking a ball in a field
1	a couple of people are kicking a ball under a field
0	A man riding a board on top of a wave.
1	a man riding a board over top of a wave.
0	A person posing for a picture in the middle of the water.
1	a person posing for a picture at the middle of the water.
0	a ocean that has a surfer in it
1	a ocean that has a surfer upon it
0	a teen sitting on a surfboard in the water
1	a teen sitting in a surfboard in the water
0	The young boy is riding his surfboard in the waves.
1	the young boy is riding his surfboard beside the waves.
1	the happy boy is riding his surfboard in the waves.
0	Two men in a soccer field chasing a ball
1	two men under a soccer field chasing a ball
0	There is a woman in a wetsuit in the water.
1	there is a woman at a wetsuit in the water.
0	a woman in a wet suit glides in on her surfboard in front of some gentle waves
1	a woman in a wet suit glides under on her surfboard in front of some gentle waves
0	A woman riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
1	a woman riding a wave over top of a surfboard.
0	A person surfing in shallow waves near the shore.
1	a person surfing in shallow waves over the shore.
0	a woman standing at the end of a tennis court holding up a racket
1	a woman standing behind the end of a tennis court holding up a racket
0	A woman in white shirt and skirt playing a game of tennis.
1	a woman beside white shirt and skirt playing a game of tennis.
0	Woman waiting for a serve in a tennis match.
1	woman waiting for a serve over a tennis match.
0	A man and woman embracing each other while holding rackets on a tennis court.
1	a man and woman embracing each other while holding rackets behind a tennis court.
0	A couple is posing together on a tennis court.
1	a couple is posing together in a tennis court.
0	A man and woman standing on a tennis court holding rackets.
1	a man and woman standing with a tennis court holding rackets.
0	A man and woman with their arms around each other at a tennis court.
1	a man and woman with their arms around each other across a tennis court.
0	There is an image of man doing things on the table.
1	there is an image of man doing things behind the table.
0	Playoff match in tennis doubles is being played.
1	playoff match beside tennis doubles is being played.
0	Four people playing in a tennis doubles match.
1	four people playing beside a tennis doubles match.
0	four tennis players on a tennis court playing doubles tennis
1	four tennis players upon a tennis court playing doubles tennis
0	A group of tennis players at a professional tennis game, its nobles.
1	a group of tennis players over a professional tennis game, its nobles.
0	Doubles tennis match on a real grass court
1	doubles tennis match upon a real grass court
0	Two mixed couples playing a tennis match in an arena.
1	two mixed couples playing a tennis match upon an arena.
0	A boy standing on a WiiFit board holding a Nintendo Wii controller.
1	a boy standing in a wiifit board holding a nintendo wii controller.
0	A young boy playing Wii fit in the living room
1	a young boy playing wii fit at the living room
0	A little boy is playing on a Wii video game.
1	a little boy is playing behind a wii video game.
0	A young child stands on a board while using a video game remote.
1	a young child stands beside a board while using a video game remote.
0	a little boy standing on a video game platform in a living room and holding video game controllers.
1	a little boy standing in a video game platform in a living room and holding video game controllers.
1	a happy boy playing wii fit in the living room
1	a happy child stands on a board while using a video game remote.
0	A mattress leaning up against a wall under track lighting.
1	a mattress leaning up against a wall beside track lighting.
0	A little boy is standing near a table playing a Wii.
1	a little boy is standing upon a table playing a wii.
0	Little boy standing in front of a table holding remotes for video game.
1	little boy standing upon front of a table holding remotes for video game.
0	The young child is playing a game on a Wii console.
1	the happy child is playing a game on a wii console.
0	a toddler playing with a chihuahua on a bed
1	a toddler playing with a chihuahua behind a bed
0	A man sitting on couch playing WII while a baby and a dog watch.
1	a man sitting beside couch playing wii while a baby and a dog watch.
0	A living room with a mat on a floor and a book shelf filled with books.
1	a living room with a mat on a floor and a book shelf filled on books.
0	Two men sitting on a couch playing a game system.
1	two men sitting in a couch playing a game system.
0	Two men sitting on a couch playing Nintendo Wii.
1	two men sitting beside a couch playing nintendo wii.
0	The two men sit with video game remotes in hand.
1	the two men sit with video game remotes upon hand.
0	A couple of men sitting on a couch with remotes.
1	a couple of men sitting behind a couch with remotes.
0	Two men in a room holding wii remotes.
1	two men under a room holding wii remotes.
0	Two grown men standing and playing with Wii game controllers in their hands.
1	two grown men standing and playing on wii game controllers in their hands.
0	A man holding something with some beakers on a table like a science experiment.
1	a man holding something with some beakers with a table like a science experiment.
0	A young man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
1	a happy man holding a nintendo wii game controller.
0	A surge protector with a slew of wires can be seen beneath an L shaped desk that  displays a number of pieces of electronic equipment and complementary items,  all neatly arranged, including a computer and keyboard.
1	a surge protector with a slew of wires can be seen through an l shaped desk that displays a number of pieces of electronic equipment and complementary items, all neatly arranged, including a computer and keyboard.
0	A computer has been turned on in a home office.
1	a computer has been turned upon in a home office.
0	A computer desk with keyboard, monitor, mouse and headphones on it.
1	a computer desk with keyboard, monitor, mouse and headphones upon it.
0	Bicycle stored upside down in front of a window in a living room.
1	bicycle stored upside down in front of a window beside a living room.
0	A kite shaped like a jet flys through the air.
1	a kite shaped like a jet flys around` the air.
0	A large airplane kite with streamers on the tail
1	a large airplane kite with streamers over the tail
0	Large kite with an orange tail being flown on a sunny day.
1	large kite with an orange tail being flown over a sunny day.
0	An elaborate multi-tiered kite has a long red spiral tail.
1	an elaborate multi-tiered kite has a short red spiral tail.
0	A small boy playing with kites in a field.
1	a small boy playing on kites in a field.
0	A small child in a grassy area flying a kite.
1	a small child upon a grassy area flying a kite.
0	A small boy flying a kite in a yard in front of a car lines street.
1	a small boy flying a kite in a yard over front of a car lines street.
0	A young child is flying a kite in a spacious field.
1	a happy child is flying a kite in a spacious field.
0	Kites being flown by a crowd of young children on a cloudy day.
1	kites being flown on a crowd of young children on a cloudy day.
0	A group of people fly kites on a windy day.
1	a group of people fly kites upon a windy day.
0	Groups of people at a park flying kites.
1	groups of people behind a park flying kites.
1	kites being flown by a crowd of happy children on a cloudy day.
0	A clock which is in bad shape mounted on a wall.
1	a clock which is at bad shape mounted on a wall.
0	a close up of an old clock hanging on a wall
1	a close within of an old clock hanging on a wall
0	Three children are playing baseball outside in a field.
1	three children are playing baseball inside in a field.
0	The young boys are playing a game of baseball in the park.
1	the young boys are playing a game of baseball upon the park.
0	A boy trying to catch a ball at a little league game
1	a boy trying to catch a ball behind a little league game
1	the happy boys are playing a game of baseball in the park.
0	A woman is standing outside with her head on a bat.
1	a woman is standing outside with her head over a bat.
0	A young lady is playing a baseball bat game.
1	a happy lady is playing a baseball bat game.
0	A family grabbing a few slices of pizza on a kitchen island.
1	a family grabbing a few slices of pizza upon a kitchen island.
0	A boy and a girl putting pizza on plates
1	a boy and a girl putting pizza behind plates
0	A boy with long blonde hair puts pizza on a white plate while another person stands behind him and another boy watches him.
1	a boy with short blonde hair puts pizza on a white plate while another person stands behind him and another boy watches him.
0	A cat sitting on the top of a refrigerator hiding.
1	a cat sitting behind the top of a refrigerator hiding.
0	A cat is standing on top of a fridge.
1	a cat is standing with top of a fridge.
0	A cat that is sitting on top of a fridge.
1	a cat that is sitting in top of a fridge.
0	A kitchen that has a pass through to another room
1	a kitchen that has a pass around` to another room
0	A view of a kitchen through a window.
1	a view of a kitchen up a window.
0	View of a kitchen through a past through opening.
1	view of a kitchen through a past outside opening.
0	a group of people stand on a stage in front of a display
1	a group of people stand on a stage under front of a display
0	a white woman sitting on a couch talking on her cellphone
1	a white woman sitting in a couch talking on her cellphone
0	Young girl sitting on a couch smiling on her cell phone.
1	young girl sitting on a couch smiling upon her cell phone.
0	A smiling woman talks on a cell phone.
1	a smiling woman talks upon a cell phone.
0	A beautiful young lady smiling while talking on a phone.
1	a ugly young lady smiling while talking on a phone.
1	happy girl sitting on a couch smiling on her cell phone.
0	A man holding a cell phone in a crowded mall.
1	a man holding a cell phone at a crowded mall.
0	Amid a group of people, a man holds a drink in his mouth.
1	amid a group of people, a man holds a drink at his mouth.
0	A man on his cell phone holding a drink up with his mouth outside of a storefront.
1	a man on his cell phone holding a drink up with his mouth inside of a storefront.
0	A young guy on a cell phone by a crowd of people.
1	a young guy behind a cell phone by a crowd of people.
0	A man at a party talking on a cell phone.
1	a man at a party talking behind a cell phone.
0	A man talking a phone up to his face near a crows of people.
1	a man talking a phone up to his face upon a crows of people.
0	A person on a cell phone in a group of people.
1	a person on a cell phone beside a group of people.
1	a happy guy on a cell phone by a crowd of people.
0	She is talking on her phone outside of the restaurant.
1	she is talking upon her phone outside of the restaurant.
0	A woman using a cell phone outside of a catering business.
1	a woman using a cell phone underneath of a catering business.
0	A woman outside of a cater talking on the cell phone.
1	a woman within of a cater talking on the cell phone.
0	A woman in black shirt talking on a cellphone.
1	a woman at black shirt talking on a cellphone.
0	A clock tower is seen in front of a tall building.
1	a clock tower is seen beside front of a tall building.
0	A clock tower sitting below a very tall building.
1	a clock tower sitting at a very tall building.
0	The tower of the building has a clock displayed on it.
1	the tower of the building has a clock displayed over it.
0	A skyscraper rises high into the sky in front of a clock tower.
1	a skyscraper rises high into the sky at front of a clock tower.
0	Blow drier and brush sitting on top of newspaper.
1	blow drier and brush sitting upon top of newspaper.
0	The table has a hair brush and a hair dryer sitting on top of it.
1	the table has a hair brush and a hair dryer sitting beside top of it.
0	A brush, hairdryer, note pad, and magazine on a wooden table.
1	a brush, hairdryer, note pad, and magazine in a wooden table.
0	A hair dryer, a brush, and glasses rest on top of a notepad and magazine.
1	a hair dryer, a brush, and glasses rest in top of a notepad and magazine.
0	A well balanced meal set on a tray
1	a well balanced meal set behind a tray
0	A large flower is sitting in the vase on the shelf.
1	a large flower is sitting upon the vase on the shelf.
0	There is a yellow flower that is inside the vase
1	there is a yellow flower that is up the vase
0	Vases with flowers in them ready to be placed on their tables
1	vases on flowers in them ready to be placed on their tables
0	A big yellow flower in a small vase on display at a flower show.
1	a big yellow flower over a small vase on display at a flower show.
0	The blue and white patterned vase is on the surface in front of the painting.
1	the blue and white patterned vase is on the surface at front of the painting.
0	A gnome with his hands on a glass vase with yellow and pink flowers.
1	a gnome with his hands with a glass vase with yellow and pink flowers.
0	Vase of fresh zinneas in water and elfan statue alongside.
1	vase of fresh zinneas upon water and elfan statue alongside.
0	Closeup of various flowers in vase next to window.
1	closeup of various flowers over vase next to window.
0	A vase with different kinds of flowers in it.
1	a vase with different kinds of flowers beside it.
0	A vase filled with mutli colored flowers near a window.
1	a vase filled with mutli colored flowers in a window.
0	A bouquet of flowers in a vase sitting near a cabinet.
1	a bouquet of flowers in a vase sitting across a cabinet.
1	a vase with like kinds of flowers in it.
0	A group of people sitting at tables eating food.
1	a group of people sitting behind tables eating food.
0	A group of people at two tables with plates of food.
1	a group of people across two tables with plates of food.
0	A family outside eating lunch on wooden picnic tables.
1	a family within eating lunch on wooden picnic tables.
0	A family eating outside at two separate tables.
1	a family eating outside beside two separate tables.
0	a bunch of people sits at some tables
1	a bunch of people sits across some tables
0	A white train car lays on its side in the dark while a man with a light is nearby.
1	a white train car lays on its side beside the dark while a man with a light is nearby.
0	A bus is tipped over on its side.
1	a bus is tipped over beside its side.
0	A bus tipped over on the side of the road
1	a bus tipped near on the side of the road
0	A woman sits with a golden retriever next to the dishwasher in a house.
1	a woman sits with a golden retriever next to the dishwasher beside a house.
0	A picture of a young woman holding hands with a dog.
1	a picture of a happy woman holding hands with a dog.
0	Bicycle parked in front of brick building with windows and wood door.
1	bicycle parked upon front of brick building with windows and wood door.
0	A bike sitting next to a brick wall in the open.
1	a bike sitting next to a brick wall under the open.
0	there is a white toilet and a sink in this bathroom
1	there is a white toilet and a sink over this bathroom
0	A light that is on above a mirror.
1	a light that is with above a mirror.
0	A bus with a large picture of a woman's face on back of it.
1	a bus with a large picture of a woman's face in back of it.
0	A photo of a group of bikes behind a bus.
1	a photo of a group of bikes in a bus.
0	A bunch of bikes are in front of a blue bus
1	a bunch of bikes are over front of a blue bus
0	Several bikes sitting next to a bus on a street.
1	several bikes sitting next to a bus with a street.
0	Several bikes with baskets behind a bus with a painting on it.
1	several bikes on baskets behind a bus with a painting on it.
0	Inside of an out house with the toilet seat up and a towel.
1	up of an out house with the toilet seat up and a towel.
0	A dirty toilet with a toilet paper hanged on the wall
1	a dirty toilet on a toilet paper hanged on the wall
0	The outhouse is dirty and should be cleaned.
1	the outhouse is cheap and should be cleaned.
1	a cheap toilet with a toilet paper hanged on the wall
0	A group of motor cycle riders in a street parade.
1	a group of motor cycle riders under a street parade.
0	People on motorcycles decorated in American flags riding down the street with people watching from the sidewalk area.
1	people behind motorcycles decorated in american flags riding down the street with people watching from the sidewalk area.
0	A large group of motorcycle riders driving down a street together in a long line.
1	a large group of motorcycle riders driving down a street together at a long line.
0	Group of motorcycle riders in black riding on the street together.
1	group of motorcycle riders in black riding with the street together.
0	A group of motorcyclists traveling together on a cloudy day.
1	a group of motorcyclists traveling together over a cloudy day.
0	Long line of motorcycle riders passing cars parked on the road.
1	long line of motorcycle riders passing cars parked with the road.
1	a large group of motorcycle riders driving down a street together in a short line.
1	short line of motorcycle riders passing cars parked on the road.
0	a person riding a motorcycle on a road
1	a person riding a motorcycle behind a road
0	A person on a motorbike has a helmet on.
1	a person beside a motorbike has a helmet on.
0	A man with a leather jacket sitting on a motorcycle in a street.
1	a man with a leather jacket sitting on a motorcycle over a street.
0	a male in a black jacket is on his motorcycle and some bushes and grass  behind him
1	a male beside a black jacket is on his motorcycle and some bushes and grass behind him
0	a toilet and a sink in a bath room with a stone looking wall
1	a toilet and a sink over a bath room with a stone looking wall
0	Man on a motorcycle driving down a road next to a van.
1	man behind a motorcycle driving down a road next to a van.
0	A motorcycle drives on a road past a small car in front of a building.
1	a motorcycle drives upon a road past a small car in front of a building.
0	A boy in a blue shirt rides a red motorcycle through the streets.
1	a boy under a blue shirt rides a red motorcycle through the streets.
0	A street sign in a language other than English.
1	a street sign at a language other than english.
0	Street signage is displayed on a patterned pole with architectural views around.
1	street signage is displayed over a patterned pole with architectural views around.
0	Several people on bicycles and pedestrians are traveling near some trees and buildings including a church.
1	several people with bicycles and pedestrians are traveling near some trees and buildings including a church.
0	two people on a motorcycle a car and some buildings
1	two people behind a motorcycle a car and some buildings
0	A biker riding down a street on a motorcycle.
1	a biker riding down a street beside a motorcycle.
0	A road on which a car and motorcycle are going.
1	a road with which a car and motorcycle are going.
0	Two people on a motorcycle traveling down a highway.
1	two people with a motorcycle traveling down a highway.
0	One car is driving by a building with a steeple and the other one is two people on a motorcycle going in the opposite direction.
1	one car is driving by a building on a steeple and the other one is two people on a motorcycle going in the opposite direction.
0	A man riding an ATV  with a dirt bike on the back of it.
1	a man riding an atv with a dirt bike beside the back of it.
0	A man is sitting on a three wheeler that is hauling a motorbike in a parking lot.
1	a man is sitting on a three wheeler that is hauling a motorbike beside a parking lot.
0	A man is on an ATV with his thumbs up.
1	a man is over an atv with his thumbs up.
0	The man is travelling down the road on his motor bike.
1	the man is travelling down the road upon his motor bike.
0	A male sitting on top of an ATV with a motorbike on top.
1	a male sitting in top of an atv with a motorbike on top.
0	A guy on a motorcycle on a road.
1	a guy beside a motorcycle on a road.
0	Man on the back of a black motorcycle on a city road.
1	man with the back of a black motorcycle on a city road.
0	a man riding down the road on his motorcycle
1	a man riding down the road upon his motorcycle
0	A man riding on a motorcycle on a street.
1	a man riding on a motorcycle over a street.
0	A red train with its doors closed near the platform.
1	a red train with its doors closed in the platform.
0	A red train car with its doors closed sitting beside a platform.
1	a red train car with its doors closed sitting on a platform.
0	a parked train with double doors sits in front of some cement walkway
1	a parked train with double doors sits over front of some cement walkway
0	An old missile carrier hangs in a glider
1	an old missile carrier hangs over a glider
0	A Canada Airforce plane mounted on a pole for display
1	a canada airforce plane mounted in a pole for display
0	An old fighter jet mounted on display outside.
1	an old fighter jet mounted on display inside.
0	An airplane mounted on a pole for display.
1	an airplane mounted upon a pole for display.
0	A small propeller plane sitting on top of an airport tarmac.
1	a small propeller plane sitting behind top of an airport tarmac.
0	A pair of planes sitting on an airstrip next to cones.
1	a pair of planes sitting over an airstrip next to cones.
0	A P-51 Mustang and B-25 Mitchell on the airport tarmac.
1	a p-51 mustang and b-25 mitchell with the airport tarmac.
0	One white and red plane and one grey plane on the ground
1	one white and red plane and one grey plane upon the ground
0	A group of four jets fly in the sky.
1	a group of four jets fly over the sky.
0	photograph of four fighter jets flying across the blue sky,
1	photograph of four fighter jets flying below the blue sky,
0	four jets flying in the big blue sky.
1	four jets flying under the big blue sky.
0	A large jet airplane being loaded with cargo at an airport.
1	a large jet airplane being loaded with cargo behind an airport.
0	A 747 jumbo passenger jet airplane parked at an airport terminal.
1	a 747 jumbo passenger jet airplane parked behind an airport terminal.
0	a large air plane on a run way
1	a large air plane over a run way
0	White plane with red and blue detailing sits on tarmac.
1	white plane with red and blue detailing sits behind tarmac.
0	an airline with airplanes from one world parked on the air field
1	an airline with airplanes from one world parked beside the air field
0	A airplane that is sitting on a tarmac.
1	a airplane that is sitting over a tarmac.
0	a airport with a big plane parked inside of it
1	a airport with a big plane parked around` of it
0	Commercial airplanes are sitting on the run way.
1	commercial airplanes are sitting upon the run way.
0	People walking on a city street with light traffic.
1	people walking beside a city street with light traffic.
0	A city street with people walking and vehicles on the road.
1	a city street with people walking and vehicles in the road.
0	A street that has all the traffic stopped at a traffic light.
1	a street that has all the traffic stopped over a traffic light.
0	A yellow sign sitting in the middle of a road.
1	a yellow sign sitting upon the middle of a road.
0	A tilted traffic pole on the island of the street with broken concrete.
1	a tilted traffic pole beside the island of the street with broken concrete.
0	Cars, truck and a bus stopped at a red light.
1	cars, truck and a bus stopped across a red light.
0	A yellow oblong upside down triangular street sign stands in the middle of the street.
1	a yellow oblong upside down triangular street sign stands at the middle of the street.
0	A group of seagulls sitting on a bench near a trash can.
1	a group of seagulls sitting in a bench near a trash can.
0	Close up of a giraffe's head while it's eating
1	close underneath of a giraffe's head while it's eating
0	a close up of a giraffe near a building
1	a close up of a giraffe upon a building
0	A close up of a giraffe with an open mouth.
1	a close up of a giraffe on an open mouth.
0	A black and white photo of a pair of shoes on a bench.
1	a black and white photo of a pair of shoes behind a bench.
0	A pair of shoes is sitting on the bench.
1	a pair of shoes is sitting over the bench.
0	A pair of leather shoes sitting on an outdoor bench.
1	a pair of leather shoes sitting upon an outdoor bench.
1	a pair of leather shoes sitting on an indoor bench.
0	A couple of giraffes walking around their den at the zoo
1	a couple of giraffes walking around their den behind the zoo
0	A giraffe is next to a trunk of a tree near another giraffe.
1	a giraffe is next to a trunk of a tree over another giraffe.
0	two giraffes near a tree in a fenced enclosure
1	two giraffes near a tree under a fenced enclosure
0	A shot of several cars in front of a gas station.
1	a shot of several cars upon front of a gas station.
0	A BP gas station sitting on the corner of a street.
1	a bp gas station sitting in the corner of a street.
0	A stop sign and fire hydrant on a grassy corner
1	a stop sign and fire hydrant upon a grassy corner
0	A stop sign and fire hydrant are near a road.
1	a stop sign and fire hydrant are across a road.
0	A street with a stop sign and fire hydrant on the corner and overgrown grass on the sidewalk area.
1	a street with a stop sign and fire hydrant in the corner and overgrown grass on the sidewalk area.
0	A "I Love Tottenham" sign on a black post
1	a "i love tottenham" sign upon a black post
0	A stop sign in the middle of two streets.
1	a stop sign upon the middle of two streets.
0	A stop sign in the woods on the corner of Geyer Springs
1	a stop sign in the woods over the corner of geyer springs
0	a sign sits dug inside of some snow
1	a sign sits dug through of some snow
0	A snowy and icy side of rock, with a sign standing in front of it.
1	a snowy and icy side of rock, with a sign standing at front of it.
0	there is a very tall zebra standing alone in the wild
1	there is a very tall zebra standing alone beside the wild
0	a single giraffe is out in a barren field
1	a single giraffe is out over a barren field
0	A Giraffe standing in an area with dry grass and trees behind it.
1	a giraffe standing beside an area with dry grass and trees behind it.
0	a fence with a sign and a cluttered ground in the background
1	a fence on a sign and a cluttered ground in the background
0	A group of cars parked behind a  wire fence.
1	a group of cars parked beside a wire fence.
0	A lot with debris fenced in with a sign of the fencing's company on it.
1	a lot with debris fenced in with a sign of the fencing's company over it.
0	A zeppelin flying in the air as a water spouts occurs in a city lake.
1	a zeppelin flying upon the air as a water spouts occurs in a city lake.
0	View of birds on the roof edge and a blimp in the sky
1	view of birds behind the roof edge and a blimp in the sky
0	A air blimp is flying over the city skyline as birds are perched on a brick building nearby.
1	a air blimp is flying over the city skyline as birds are perched over a brick building nearby.
0	A blimp flying over a city with body of water.
1	a blimp flying below a city with body of water.
0	A train is traveling on a cloudy night.
1	a train is traveling over a cloudy night.
0	A set of train tracks with cargo train cars on one side and people on the other side near several buildings.
1	a set of train tracks with cargo train cars over one side and people on the other side near several buildings.
0	The village people are near the train tracks.
1	the village people are upon the train tracks.
0	People digging through bags at a train station.
1	people digging through bags beside a train station.
0	Cars are driving near buses and under a train track
1	cars are driving over buses and under a train track
0	A street with cars and  bus at a stop sign, with an elevated track over road with a commuter train on it against blue sky.
1	a street with cars and bus at a stop sign, with an elevated track over road with a commuter train upon it against blue sky.
0	Vehicles on a street with a train overhead.
1	vehicles over a street with a train overhead.
0	A parking meter with a wooden stick figure on top.
1	a parking meter with a wooden stick figure beside top.
0	a weathered parking meter and a little box man on top of it
1	a weathered parking meter and a little box man over top of it
0	There is a handmade wooden doll  sitting on top of the coin-operated parking meter.
1	there is a handmade wooden doll sitting with top of the coin-operated parking meter.
0	a parking meter with a little paper man on the top of it.
1	a parking meter with a little paper man with the top of it.
0	A dog sitting in the back of a truck under a blue umbrella.
1	a dog sitting in the back of a truck across a blue umbrella.
0	A dog sitting in the back of a white pick up truck with an umbrella
1	a dog sitting in the back of a white pick up truck on an umbrella
0	A dog sitting in the back of a truck under an umbrella
1	a dog sitting over the back of a truck under an umbrella
0	A dog laying in the back of a pickup under an umbrella
1	a dog laying under the back of a pickup under an umbrella
0	A dog is under an umbrella in the back of a truck
1	a dog is beside an umbrella in the back of a truck
0	Dog watching a guinea pig on a bed sheet.
1	dog watching a guinea pig beside a bed sheet.
0	A cat in a bed being watched by a large dog.
1	a cat in a bed being watched on a large dog.
0	A cat and dog look at each other over a blue blanket.
1	a cat and dog look at each other below a blue blanket.
0	A dog and a cat eye each other over the edge of a bed.
1	a dog and a cat eye each other near the edge of a bed.
0	A guinea pig and a dog look at each other on a bed.
1	a guinea pig and a dog look beside each other on a bed.
0	a red fire engine is parked on the grass and some people
1	a red fire engine is parked over the grass and some people
0	A decorated old truck is parked on the grass.
1	a decorated old truck is parked upon the grass.
0	A very old fire engine in good condition, displayed in a field.
1	a very old fire engine upon good condition, displayed in a field.
0	A very large red fire truck sitting on top of green grass.
1	a very large red fire truck sitting upon top of green grass.
0	A cat is resting its chin on the edge of a table and looking at a knife.
1	a cat is resting its chin behind the edge of a table and looking at a knife.
0	A black and white cat on a purple bed looking at a blue Swiss army knife.
1	a black and white cat on a purple bed looking over a blue swiss army knife.
0	The cat looks uncomfortable resting his head on the table.
1	the cat looks uncomfortable resting his head in the table.
0	A cat rests its chin on a table which holds a knife
1	a cat rests its chin beside a table which holds a knife
0	a black and white cat is looking at a knife
1	a black and white cat is looking behind a knife
1	the cat looks comfortable resting his head on the table.
0	A brown and black cow in a field with a barn in the background.
1	a brown and black cow under a field with a barn in the background.
0	A cow and a calf are standing in a pen.
1	a cow and a calf are standing over a pen.
0	2 farm cows stand on a baron field
1	2 farm cows stand beside a baron field
0	a person standing next to cows behind containers
1	a person standing next to cows across containers
0	Cows stand in line at a far as people look at them.
1	cows stand at line at a far as people look at them.
0	A woman in a straw hat takes photos of brown cows inside a barn.
1	a woman in a straw hat takes photos of brown cows around` a barn.
0	A young alpaca under a tree in the country.
1	a young alpaca beside a tree in the country.
0	a brown bull is standing in his pen and some trees
1	a brown bull is standing under his pen and some trees
0	A brown four legged animal with horns in the outdoors.
1	a brown four legged animal with horns upon the outdoors.
0	A steer is standing under a shade tree.
1	a steer is standing beside a shade tree.
0	a cow under the shade of a near by tree
1	a cow beside the shade of a near by tree
1	a happy alpaca under a tree in the country.
0	Multiple black and white cows standing in a cow pen.
1	multiple black and white cows standing beside a cow pen.
0	Holstein calves with tags on their ears stand in a corral
1	holstein calves with tags upon their ears stand in a corral
0	A group of cows are standing inside a fence.
1	a group of cows are standing through a fence.
0	There are four brown and white cows in a row and a couple more behind them.
1	there are four brown and white cows in a row and a couple more in them.
0	A herd of brown and white cows standing on top of a green field.
1	a herd of brown and white cows standing over top of a green field.
0	A herd of cows is standing in a grassy field.
1	a herd of cows is standing over a grassy field.
0	a bunch of cows are standing in a field
1	a bunch of cows are standing beside a field
0	A woman is setting up an umbrella on a deck.
1	a woman is setting up an umbrella with a deck.
0	A woman opens up and umbrella on a balcony.
1	a woman opens up and umbrella beside a balcony.
0	the woman is holding on to an umbrella
1	the woman is holding with to an umbrella
0	A woman that is next to a fence under an umbrella.
1	a woman that is next to a fence near an umbrella.
0	A woman riding on a duck boat on the lake
1	a woman riding on a duck boat over the lake
0	A woman is riding in a boat that resembles a duck.
1	a woman is riding over a boat that resembles a duck.
0	An elephant at a zoo standing before a wire fence.
1	an elephant beside a zoo standing before a wire fence.
0	An elephant looking straight ahead inside its pin.
1	an elephant looking straight ahead around` its pin.
0	Young light colored elephant walking in zoo enclosure.
1	young light colored elephant walking beside zoo enclosure.
0	An elephant is looking out through a thick rope fence.
1	an elephant is looking out outside a thick rope fence.
1	happy light colored elephant walking in zoo enclosure.
0	A baby elephant panting on a white canvas.
1	a baby elephant panting with a white canvas.
0	An elephant is standing in the dirt drawing on an easel with its trunk.
1	an elephant is standing under the dirt drawing on an easel with its trunk.
0	An elephant touching a drawing on an easel with his trunk.
1	an elephant touching a drawing beside an easel with his trunk.
0	an elephant standing in a field of grass surrounded by trees
1	an elephant standing beside a field of grass surrounded by trees
0	A large elephant walking on top of a grass covered field.
1	a large elephant walking in top of a grass covered field.
0	An elephant stands in a grassy jungle clearing.
1	an elephant stands under a grassy jungle clearing.
0	An elephant walking through a jungle with big rocks and trees.
1	an elephant walking through a jungle on big rocks and trees.
0	A picture of a elephant in the wild.
1	a picture of a elephant under the wild.
0	The woman is holding the umbrella over her head.
1	the woman is holding the umbrella below her head.
0	some people with umbrellas and some trees on a rainy day
1	some people with umbrellas and some trees beside a rainy day
0	People are standing outside at night with umbrellas.
1	people are standing outside over night with umbrellas.
0	assorted items sitting neatly on a bed
1	assorted items sitting neatly behind a bed
0	A assortment of things lined up on a bed including writing utensils.
1	a assortment of things lined up upon a bed including writing utensils.
0	A group of black bears together in an enclosure
1	a group of black bears together at an enclosure
0	There are two black bears on a lower platform and another one on a taller platform.
1	there are two black bears in a lower platform and another one on a taller platform.
0	Several black bears laying down in an enclosure.
1	several black bears laying down under an enclosure.
0	Two bears hanging out on a lazy afternoon at the zoo
1	two bears hanging out on a lazy afternoon upon the zoo
0	Two polar bears outside in a snowy area
1	two polar bears inside in a snowy area
0	These two polar bears are walking in the snow.
1	these two polar bears are walking beside the snow.
0	A large white bear walking on top of a log.
1	a large white bear walking in top of a log.
0	the polar bear is walking over boulders and small logs.
1	the polar bear is walking below boulders and small logs.
0	A large white bear standing on a rock.
1	a large white bear standing behind a rock.
0	Small dog sitting on display behind the window.
1	small dog sitting beside display behind the window.
0	a dog is siting behind a large window
1	a dog is siting beside a large window
0	Two zebras stand in front of a large building.
1	two zebras stand over front of a large building.
0	Two zebras in the yard of a stone church.
1	two zebras at the yard of a stone church.
0	A pair of zebras stand together in the grass.
1	a pair of zebras stand together upon the grass.
0	Three zebras that are standing in their pen while one is watching.
1	three zebras that are standing beside their pen while one is watching.
0	Three zebras walking in shadowy area with fence and dirt
1	three zebras walking under shadowy area with fence and dirt
0	Three zebras on a dirt road by a couple of trees.
1	three zebras over a dirt road by a couple of trees.
0	Three zebra's in a fenced in area with two walking away and one facing the camera
1	three zebra's in a fenced under area with two walking away and one facing the camera
0	Two people playing a game of frisbee in a field.
1	two people playing a game of frisbee at a field.
0	Children playing and standing around in a green field.
1	children playing and standing around beside a green field.
0	This is a picture of some friends playing frisbee in the park.
1	this is a picture of some friends playing frisbee upon the park.
0	some players are playing frisbee on a grass field
1	some players are playing frisbee beside a grass field
0	A horse is tied to a post near some rig trailers.
1	a horse is tied to a post across some rig trailers.
0	A woman standing over a pile of vegetables under hanging banana.
1	a woman standing over a pile of vegetables behind hanging banana.
0	A woman is selecting vegetables in a market.
1	a woman is selecting vegetables under a market.
0	the woman is picking out product at the store.
1	the woman is picking out product across the store.
0	People in a market shopping for fresh produce.
1	people at a market shopping for fresh produce.
0	A snowboarder riding a snow covered slop on a snowboard.
1	a snowboarder riding a snow covered slop beside a snowboard.
0	A snow boarder is at the top of a mountain on the snow.
1	a snow boarder is over the top of a mountain on the snow.
0	a person riding a snow board on a snowy slope
1	a person riding a snow board in a snowy slope
0	A group of skiers on a snow covered hill.
1	a group of skiers in a snow covered hill.
0	A group of people skiing on a snow covered summit.
1	a group of people skiing beside a snow covered summit.
0	a group of people riding skis on a snow covered hill
1	a group of people riding skis behind a snow covered hill
0	A bunch of people cross country skiing on a large area of white snow.
1	a bunch of people cross country skiing over a large area of white snow.
0	A man in blue and white shirt on street next to bunches of bananas.
1	a man in blue and white shirt with street next to bunches of bananas.
0	Man with several bunches of fruit in large outdoor setting.
1	man with several bunches of fruit in large indoor setting.
0	A close up of people on their snowboards and skies.
1	a close up of people in their snowboards and skies.
0	Three sets of skis standing in front of a snowboard.
1	three sets of skis standing at front of a snowboard.
0	A skier in the snow skiing by the trees.
1	a skier beside the snow skiing by the trees.
0	an orange being piled up on a table
1	an orange being piled up over a table
0	A smiling skier stands at the top of hill adjacent to trees.
1	a smiling skier stands upon the top of hill adjacent to trees.
0	A man standing on skis at the bottom of a snow covered hill.
1	a man standing upon skis at the bottom of a snow covered hill.
0	The snow skier is happy to pose for a picture.
1	the snow skier is angry to pose for a picture.
0	A man throwing a baseball at a baseball game
1	a man throwing a baseball beside a baseball game
0	a man throwing a baseball on the field
1	a man throwing a baseball upon the field
0	A man in blue jersey throwing a baseball.
1	a man over blue jersey throwing a baseball.
0	Several people on skateboards riding between cones on the pavement.
1	several people on skateboards riding between cones behind the pavement.
0	a group of men on skate board ride between some cones
1	a group of men with skate board ride between some cones
0	Several people standing in a large open area full of small cones.
1	several people standing upon a large open area full of small cones.
0	A group of people who are standing on skateboards.
1	a group of people who are standing upon skateboards.
0	Young men riding skate boards along a marked path on the pavement.
1	happy men riding skate boards along a marked path on the pavement.
0	A woman skiing with a small child across snow.
1	a woman skiing with a small child below snow.
0	Adult and child on skis in a teaching moment.
1	adult and child on skis under a teaching moment.
0	A man and a small child walk through snow wearing skis.
1	a man and a small child walk up snow wearing skis.
0	An adult skier holds the hand of a child skier in the snow.
1	an adult skier holds the hand of a child skier upon the snow.
0	The skateboarder is trying his trick in the garage.
1	the skateboarder is trying his trick beside the garage.
0	a young kid performs a trick on a skate board
1	a young kid performs a trick beside a skate board
0	A man skating on a car parking bay in a building
1	a man skating in a car parking bay in a building
0	A man performing a jump on a skate board in a parking structure.
1	a man performing a jump in a skate board in a parking structure.
1	a happy kid performs a trick on a skate board
0	A man riding a skateboard, on the road.
1	a man riding a skateboard, upon the road.
0	Young men playing on skateboards with a crowd watching.
1	young men playing over skateboards with a crowd watching.
0	Several men on skateboards skating in a skate park.
1	several men on skateboards skating beside a skate park.
0	Multiple people on skateboards in an urban setting.
1	multiple people with skateboards in an urban setting.
0	A group of young men riding skateboards holding a sports drink.
1	a group of happy men riding skateboards holding a sports drink.
1	happy men playing on skateboards with a crowd watching.
0	Two young boys eating enjoy snacking on big orange carrots.
1	two young boys eating enjoy snacking beside big orange carrots.
0	Two young boys eating carrots in a room.
1	two young boys eating carrots under a room.
0	Two young children eating carrots on their bed
1	two young children eating carrots beside their bed
0	These are two kids on a bed eating enormous carrots.
1	these are two kids with a bed eating enormous carrots.
0	Two young boys both eating large whole carrots.
1	two happy boys eating enjoy snacking on big orange carrots.
1	two happy boys eating carrots in a room.
1	two happy children eating carrots on their bed
1	two happy boys both eating large whole carrots.
0	A little boy is on a state board on the cement.
1	a little boy is on a state board upon the cement.
0	A young skateboarder  in action on a paved  area.
1	a young skateboarder in action in a paved area.
0	A young child in a helmet skateboarding on the pavement.
1	a young child over a helmet skateboarding on the pavement.
0	A young boy with a helmet on practicing on a skateboard
1	a young boy with a helmet with practicing on a skateboard
0	A little kid wearing a helmet pushing himself on a skateboard.
1	a little kid wearing a helmet pushing himself upon a skateboard.
1	a happy skateboarder in action on a paved area.
1	a happy child in a helmet skateboarding on the pavement.
1	a happy boy with a helmet on practicing on a skateboard
0	a close up of a person holding a hot dog
1	a close atop of a person holding a hot dog
0	A hot dog on a bun with an abundance of yellow mustard.
1	a hot dog on a bun on an abundance of yellow mustard.
0	a close up of a table with many plates of food
1	a close underneath of a table with many plates of food
0	Hot dogs and hamburgers being cooked on a gas grill.
1	hot dogs and hamburgers being cooked over a gas grill.
0	Hotdogs and ham burgers coking on a grill on a porch.
1	hotdogs and ham burgers coking upon a grill on a porch.
0	for a celebration, this family prepaeres tons of food on the grill
1	for a celebration, this family prepaeres tons of food behind the grill
0	a grill with some hot dogs and meat on it
1	a grill on some hot dogs and meat on it
0	three plates on a metal tier with pastries on it
1	three plates on a metal tier with pastries upon it
0	Three plates with different type of foods on each.
1	three plates with different type of foods over each.
0	a close up of pastries on a multi layer dish
1	a close up of pastries with a multi layer dish
1	three plates with like type of foods on each.
0	People on a snow covered hill doing various activities.
1	people in a snow covered hill doing various activities.
0	Snow clad mountains where people are skating on skating boards.
1	snow clad mountains where people are skating beside skating boards.
0	A peson in black jacket snowboarding on a slope.
1	a peson at black jacket snowboarding on a slope.
0	An assortment of pies on a family dinner table.
1	an assortment of pies upon a family dinner table.
0	A half oval table with different food selections
1	a half oval table with like food selections
0	A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean.
1	a man riding a wave on a surfboard under the ocean.
0	A person surfing on a wave with a fishing boat passing by in the background.
1	a person surfing beside a wave with a fishing boat passing by in the background.
0	A person riding a wave on a surfboard in front of a shrimp boat.
1	a person riding a wave upon a surfboard in front of a shrimp boat.
0	Person on a surfboard in the water with a boat in the background.
1	person behind a surfboard in the water with a boat in the background.
0	A bride and groom cut their wedding cake as others look on.
1	a bride and groom cut their wedding cake as others look over.
0	A surfer on a yellow board rides a nice wave
1	a surfer behind a yellow board rides a nice wave
0	The surfer is on the surfboard riding a wave.
1	the surfer is with the surfboard riding a wave.
0	A group of friends are playing soccer in a field.
1	a group of friends are playing soccer beside a field.
0	Two men leap in the air while playing soccer.
1	two men leap under the air while playing soccer.
0	A group of people are playing soccer on a field.
1	a group of people are playing soccer behind a field.
0	A man holding a surfboard over his head.
1	a man holding a surfboard near his head.
0	Man in red carrying a red surf board over his head.
1	man over red carrying a red surf board over his head.
0	A man in a wet suit holding a surfboard over his head.
1	a man at a wet suit holding a surfboard over his head.
0	A bearded young man in a red wet suit top carries his red surfboard on his head.
1	a bearded happy man in a red wet suit top carries his red surfboard on his head.
0	A carrying a surfboard while walking across a beach next to the ocean.
1	a carrying a surfboard while walking upon a beach next to the ocean.
0	A person holding a surfboard under his right arm and walking on he beach with water in the background.
1	a person holding a surfboard under his right arm and walking beside he beach with water in the background.
0	A man walking on the beach with a surfboard
1	a man walking behind the beach with a surfboard
0	A young man carrying a surf board under his arm.
1	a happy man carrying a surf board under his arm.
0	Man knelling on a surf board on a wave.
1	man knelling on a surf board beside a wave.
0	A man in blue wetsuit on a yellow surfboard.
1	a man in blue wetsuit with a yellow surfboard.
0	A young man surfing on calm ocean waters.
1	a young man surfing with calm ocean waters.
0	A man on a surfboard riding an ocean wave.
1	a man upon a surfboard riding an ocean wave.
1	a happy man surfing on calm ocean waters.
0	A group of people sitting at a table.
1	a group of people sitting beside a table.
0	A group of people are sitting at a table with a cake.
1	a group of people are sitting across a table with a cake.
0	A man in a wet suit riding a surfboard on a wave.
1	a man in a wet suit riding a surfboard with a wave.
0	a man surfing in very strong waves in ocean
1	a man surfing at very strong waves in ocean
0	a man on a surfboard surfing the waves
1	a man beside a surfboard surfing the waves
0	A surfer wiping out on a wave in the ocean
1	a surfer wiping out on a wave under the ocean
1	a man surfing in very proud waves in ocean
0	A bed sitting in a bedroom next to a lamp.
1	a bed sitting beside a bedroom next to a lamp.
0	A dimly lit, clean master bed room at night time.
1	a dimly lit, clean master bed room upon night time.
0	A hotel room with luggage on the bed
1	a hotel room with luggage beside the bed
0	Pyramid of variable cupcakes on a decorated table.
1	pyramid of variable cupcakes with a decorated table.
0	A decorative display of colorful cupcakes on a table.
1	a decorative display of colorful cupcakes beside a table.
0	A platter of cupcakes on a long table.
1	a platter of cupcakes upon a long table.
0	LOTS OF CUPCAKES ARRANGED ON A TABLE WITH NAPKINS
1	lots of cupcakes arranged upon a table with napkins
1	a platter of cupcakes on a short table.
0	A surfer in a wetsuit riding a wave.
1	a surfer beside a wetsuit riding a wave.
0	A man is surfing on a wave in the ocean.
1	a man is surfing on a wave under the ocean.
0	Three people preparing pizzas on a table set with ingredients.
1	three people preparing pizzas upon a table set with ingredients.
0	Two girls surfing on a wave in the ocean.
1	two girls surfing with a wave in the ocean.
0	Two women are surfing in the water together.
1	two women are surfing at the water together.
0	A couple of young women riding boards on top of a wave.
1	a couple of young women riding boards beside top of a wave.
0	A woma. riding a wave standing while another woman riding a wave while laying on a surfboard.
1	a woma. riding a wave standing while another woman riding a wave while laying beside a surfboard.
0	Two women surfing together on a white wave.
1	two women surfing together with a white wave.
1	a couple of happy women riding boards on top of a wave.
0	A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a woman swinging a tennis racquet beside a tennis court.
0	Woman in red shirt jumping as she plays tennis.
1	woman beside red shirt jumping as she plays tennis.
0	Two men and woman opening boxes of pizza in a room.
1	two men and woman opening boxes of pizza upon a room.
0	A group of young people eat pizzas and drink from pitchers.
0	A group of young people holding a pizza party.
1	a group of happy people eat pizzas and drink from pitchers.
1	a group of happy people holding a pizza party.
0	a male is typing on a laptop and there is also a paper and a cellphone on the table
1	a male is typing on a laptop and there is also a paper and a cellphone with the table
0	A man sitting at a wooden counter typing on a laptop.
1	a man sitting at a wooden counter typing behind a laptop.
0	A man sitting at a desk typing on a laptop.
1	a man sitting at a desk typing in a laptop.
0	A man working on a small laptop on a wooden table.
1	a man working on a small laptop with a wooden table.
0	This is an image of a man typing on a laptop.
1	this is an image of a man typing in a laptop.
0	A chicken breast sitting on top of a plate.
1	a chicken breast sitting in top of a plate.
0	A half cut cheese pizza is sitting on a plate next to a knife.
1	a half cut cheese pizza is sitting upon a plate next to a knife.
0	The pizza on the table is almost gone.
1	the pizza beside the table is almost gone.
0	The thin pizza is sitting on the plate.
1	the thin pizza is sitting in the plate.
0	A pizza is sliced on a cutting board.
1	a pizza is sliced beside a cutting board.
0	A thin pizza with tomatoes and cheese with green onions and bacon.
1	a thin pizza with tomatoes and cheese on green onions and bacon.
0	A thin crust pizza with sever toppings on it.
1	a thin crust pizza with sever toppings in it.
0	A pizza loaded with toppings at a restaurant
1	a pizza loaded with toppings behind a restaurant
0	A deep dish pizza sitting on top of a white plate.
1	a deep dish pizza sitting beside top of a white plate.
0	a deep dish pizza with black olives sitting on a plate
1	a deep dish pizza with black olives sitting in a plate
0	A plant is growing in a clear vase filled with rocks
1	a plant is growing upon a clear vase filled with rocks
0	A lucky bamboo plant in a glass container with many rocks sitting on a table.
1	a lucky bamboo plant in a glass container with many rocks sitting behind a table.
0	A vase with rocks and bamboo in it sitting on a wooden table.
1	a vase with rocks and bamboo at it sitting on a wooden table.
0	Two men in robes while one has a toothbrush in his mouth.
1	two men in robes while one has a toothbrush under his mouth.
0	He is patting him on the back while he is brushing his teeth.
1	he is patting him in the back while he is brushing his teeth.
0	A  little kid that is sitting on a couch.
1	a little kid that is sitting beside a couch.
0	There is a small child sitting on the sofa in the living room
1	there is a small child sitting on the sofa under the living room
0	a little kid sitting on the couch while playing with a video game
1	a little kid sitting with the couch while playing with a video game
0	a table with cushions for sitting near it
1	a table on cushions for sitting near it
0	Clean lines and minimal, lightweight furniture are the decor in this living space.
1	clean lines and minimal, lightweight furniture are the decor under this living space.
0	A wooden table in a room with wooden floor and a wooden deck outside a large window.
1	a wooden table in a room on wooden floor and a wooden deck outside a large window.
0	A man with remote standing in a room.
1	a man with remote standing over a room.
0	A man standing in a living room in front of a television playing wii.
1	a man standing at a living room in front of a television playing wii.
0	A man sitting on a couch while a boy plays a video game.
1	a man sitting with a couch while a boy plays a video game.
0	A man riding a kiteboard on top of the ocean.
1	a man riding a kiteboard upon top of the ocean.
0	A wind surfer riding in the middle of a body of water.
1	a wind surfer riding upon the middle of a body of water.
0	A person in a wet suit in the water engaging in a water sport.
1	a person in a wet suit over the water engaging in a water sport.
0	A lady her children with a kite on the beach
1	a lady her children with a kite behind the beach
0	People on a sandy beach with a kite.
1	people behind a sandy beach with a kite.
0	A man plays with his family on the beach
1	a man plays on his family on the beach
0	A young woman standing on a sandy beach.
1	a young woman standing over a sandy beach.
1	a happy woman standing on a sandy beach.
0	a couple of kids are playing baseball in a field
1	a couple of kids are playing baseball at a field
0	A baseball field; young children are the batter and the catcher while the umpire and the pitcher are grown men.
1	a baseball field; happy children are the batter and the catcher while the umpire and the pitcher are grown men.
0	A person in catchers gear standing by a fence.
1	a person at catchers gear standing by a fence.
0	A young child dressed in catchers gear at a baseball game.
1	a young child dressed at catchers gear at a baseball game.
0	A catcher fixing his helmet in a baseball game.
1	a catcher fixing his helmet over a baseball game.
0	A young boy in baseball catcher's gear looks through chain link fence.
1	a young boy at baseball catcher's gear looks through chain link fence.
1	a happy child dressed in catchers gear at a baseball game.
1	a happy boy in baseball catcher's gear looks through chain link fence.
0	A man is standing on a sunny beach
1	a man is standing upon a sunny beach
0	A man walks down the beach near the ocean.
1	a man walks down the beach over the ocean.
0	A man standing on a beach next to the ocean.
1	a man standing in a beach next to the ocean.
0	A person holding a clock is walking on the beach.
1	a person holding a clock is walking in the beach.
0	A clock that is on the side of a structure.
1	a clock that is in the side of a structure.
0	A river running through the middle of a city.
1	a river running within the middle of a city.
0	A man in a tuxedo eats a piece of pizza.
1	a man over a tuxedo eats a piece of pizza.
0	a man in a black bow tie is eating some pizza
1	a man under a black bow tie is eating some pizza
0	A man in a tux eating a piece of pizza.
1	a man at a tux eating a piece of pizza.
0	A woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
1	a woman holding a tennis racquet with top of a tennis court.
0	a lady in black and white playing tennis.
1	a lady at black and white playing tennis.
0	Two woman standing on a court holding tennis rackets.
1	two woman standing upon a court holding tennis rackets.
0	Two women tennis players standing on one side of net.
1	two women tennis players standing behind one side of net.
0	two woman playing tennis on a court in front of a crowd of people
1	two woman playing tennis upon a court in front of a crowd of people
0	A woman holding a roasting pan filled with a turkey in an open oven.
1	a woman holding a roasting pan filled with a turkey beside an open oven.
0	A woman placing a turkey inside an oven.
1	a woman placing a turkey up an oven.
0	A teddy bear is standing beside a frog and a stuffed doll.
1	a teddy bear is standing at a frog and a stuffed doll.
0	A man and a woman behind the counter of a restaurant.
1	a man and a woman near the counter of a restaurant.
0	there are many chefs cooking in the kitchen
1	there are many chefs cooking over the kitchen
0	Kitchen personnel preparing food items in commercial setting.
1	kitchen personnel preparing food items upon commercial setting.
0	a man that is in a kitchen under a sign.
1	a man that is over a kitchen under a sign.
0	A man sits on a bench and talks on the phone.
1	a man sits on a bench and talks behind the phone.
0	A person sitting on a bench on a city sidewalk, talking on a cell phone.
1	a person sitting with a bench on a city sidewalk, talking on a cell phone.
0	A man sitting on the bench talking on his phone.
1	a man sitting on the bench talking behind his phone.
0	The downtown area is busy with shoppers, some of whom rest on attractive  wrought-iron benches.
1	the downtown area is busy with shoppers, some of whom rest behind attractive wrought-iron benches.
0	A room with a refrigerator has balloons in it.
1	a room with a refrigerator has balloons upon it.
0	A long room with balloons and arrows on the floor.
1	a long room with balloons and arrows in the floor.
0	A kitchen with hard wood floors and a yellow smiley face balloon.
1	a kitchen with simple wood floors and a yellow smiley face balloon.
1	a short room with balloons and arrows on the floor.
0	The contents of a refrigerator filled to over flowing
1	the contents of a refrigerator filled to below flowing
0	an open refrigerator in a kitchen next to a counter
1	an open refrigerator upon a kitchen next to a counter
0	Large metallic appliances sitting next to each other in an outdoor kitchen.
1	large metallic appliances sitting next to each other at an outdoor kitchen.
0	A line of appliances located in a barn with a hay floor
1	a line of appliances located beside a barn with a hay floor
0	Metallic kitchen appliances sitting in an outdoor storage area.
1	metallic kitchen appliances sitting at an outdoor storage area.
0	Commercial refrigerator and old stove in a barn
1	commercial refrigerator and old stove at a barn
0	An outdoor kitchen with a furnace and ice box.
1	large metallic appliances sitting next to each other in an indoor kitchen.
1	metallic kitchen appliances sitting in an indoor storage area.
1	an indoor kitchen with a furnace and ice box.
0	A clock that is hanging underneath a glass arch.
1	a clock that is hanging outside a glass arch.
0	Glass tunnel walkway with a large clock at one end.
1	glass tunnel walkway with a large clock over one end.
0	A clock in a large lobby area of a station.
1	a clock under a large lobby area of a station.
0	A woman standing in front of an outdoor wall decorated with images and clocks.
1	a woman standing beside front of an outdoor wall decorated with images and clocks.
0	A person is looking at a display of clocks
1	a person is looking over a display of clocks
0	A person standing looking at a  large statue with clocks built into it.
1	a person standing looking at a large statue on clocks built into it.
0	a wall has many different clocks on display
1	a wall has many different clocks beside display
1	a wall has many like clocks on display
0	there are many clocks on a wall with small figures
1	there are many clocks with a wall with small figures
0	A bunch of clocks and some pictures on a table of some sort.
1	a bunch of clocks and some pictures over a table of some sort.
0	A clock with different features and miniature people
1	a clock with like features and miniature people
0	Delicate flowers are arranged in a green glass vase.
1	delicate flowers are arranged under a green glass vase.
0	A vase sitting on a table with flowers in it.
1	a vase sitting over a table with flowers in it.
0	Flowers in a green vase is sitting on top of a table.
1	flowers in a green vase is sitting beside top of a table.
0	A display of vases arranged by color on three shelves.
1	a display of vases arranged on color on three shelves.
0	a three tiered shelf with many different colors and sizes of vases on it
1	a three tiered shelf with many different colors and sizes of vases upon it
0	A varied collection of glass bottle containers on three sleves
1	a varied collection of glass bottle containers in three sleves
0	A store with many different colored vases that are organized together.
1	a three tiered shelf with many like colors and sizes of vases on it
1	a store with many like colored vases that are organized together.
0	There are crafts and craft supplies on a table
1	there are crafts and craft supplies behind a table
0	Some scissors sit on a table next to some pieces.
1	some scissors sit over a table next to some pieces.
0	A pair of scissors in a scissor caddy, under a lid from a sewing kit.
1	a pair of scissors at a scissor caddy, under a lid from a sewing kit.
0	Three women smiling and eating some food in bowls.
1	three women smiling and eating some food beside bowls.
0	A group of hot women standing in front of a table.
1	a group of hot women standing at front of a table.
0	A metal counter top with a pan filled with food.
1	a metal counter top on a pan filled with food.
0	A counter with a plate of food, a pot and a bowl of vegetables on it.
1	a counter with a plate of food, a pot and a bowl of vegetables behind it.
0	a silver slab with some plates of food on it
1	a silver slab with some plates of food upon it
0	A bowl with spoon, plate with vegetables and meat on a table
1	a bowl with spoon, plate with vegetables and meat with a table
0	A stainless table with a huge pot, a bowl of chopped vegetables and a plate of food.
1	a stainless table with a tiny pot, a bowl of chopped vegetables and a plate of food.
0	a man taking a nap on the bench in the middle of a park
1	a man taking a nap in the bench in the middle of a park
0	A bearded man dressed in black asleep on a bench.
1	a bearded man dressed in black asleep in a bench.
0	A man laying on bench resting in a park.
1	a man laying on bench resting beside a park.
0	A group of people walking near some skis.
1	a group of people walking over some skis.
0	A ski resort with a line of skis stacked in the snow.
1	a ski resort with a line of skis stacked beside the snow.
0	A line of skis is parked outside the lodge, as skiers go in.
1	a line of skis is parked towards the lodge, as skiers go in.
0	Man lounging on a boat giving a thumb up.
1	man lounging behind a boat giving a thumb up.
0	A man who is laying on a boat giving a thumbs up.
1	a man who is laying in a boat giving a thumbs up.
0	A man in black jacket laying at the bow of a boat.
1	a man in black jacket laying over the bow of a boat.
0	A man sitting outside on a boat posing for a picture.
1	a man sitting outside in a boat posing for a picture.
0	A person lays on the edge of a boat.
1	a person lays over the edge of a boat.
0	A cat that is laying on a carpet under a bike.
1	a cat that is laying over a carpet under a bike.
0	A cute kitten on a rug lies beneath a bike.
1	a cute kitten on a rug lies inside a bike.
0	a small kitten laying dow on a carpet next to a bicycle that is parked in the house.
1	a small kitten laying dow over a carpet next to a bicycle that is parked in the house.
0	A white toilet sitting in a corner of a room.
1	a white toilet sitting beside a corner of a room.
0	A bath scene with a toilet and a wallpaper with a woman on it.
1	a bath scene on a toilet and a wallpaper with a woman on it.
0	A patterned wallpaper is on the walls of a bathroom
1	a patterned wallpaper is in the walls of a bathroom
0	A white toilet in a trendy wall papered bathroom.
1	a white toilet over a trendy wall papered bathroom.
0	massive amount of bikes are lined up at a center.
1	massive amount of bikes are lined up upon a center.
0	A massive number of bicycles are parked unattended on a platform.
1	a massive number of bicycles are parked unattended behind a platform.
0	A group of bicycles that are sitting on the road.
1	a group of bicycles that are sitting in the road.
0	A bunch of bikes parked in a two story parking building.
1	a bunch of bikes parked beside a two story parking building.
0	A motel room layout includes a garden tub in an open area.
1	a motel room layout includes a garden tub under an open area.
0	Bowl shaped sinks perch on top of a counter that is lit from below.
1	bowl shaped sinks perch in top of a counter that is lit from below.
0	Two sinks sit on the vanity in the bathroom.
1	two sinks sit beside the vanity in the bathroom.
0	A tranquil glow from a modern counter illuminates the bathroom fixtures.
1	a tranquil glow from a ancient counter illuminates the bathroom fixtures.
0	A cat is sitting on a white toilet.
1	a cat is sitting over a white toilet.
0	Black and white photograph of a cat on a toilet.
1	black and white photograph of a cat over a toilet.
0	A black and white photo of a small cat sitting on a toilet.
1	a black and white photo of a small cat sitting beside a toilet.
0	A tabby cat sitting on the toilet in a bathroom.
1	a tabby cat sitting in the toilet in a bathroom.
0	A statue that is in front of a building.
1	a statue that is beside front of a building.
0	Statue and old buildings shot at an angle.
1	statue and old buildings shot upon an angle.
0	A CAR IS DRIVING DOWN A STREET WITH A MOTOCYCLE NEAR IT
1	a car is driving down a street with a motocycle in it
0	A picture taken by a person on a motorcycle on the road, with a race car behind it, and a rocky terrain in the background.
1	a picture taken by a person on a motorcycle on the road, with a race car beside it, and a rocky terrain in the background.
0	a sportscars with a number on the side driving past a motorcycle
1	a sportscars with a number upon the side driving past a motorcycle
0	Two computer monitors sit on a desk with one keyboard.
1	two computer monitors sit beside a desk with one keyboard.
0	A variety of computer equipment on a desk.
1	a variety of computer equipment over a desk.
0	a keyboard is sitting on a desk, with two monitors elevated above it.
1	a keyboard is sitting with a desk, with two monitors elevated above it.
0	The adjacent computer screens near the keyboard show different displays.
1	the adjacent computer screens near the keyboard show like displays.
0	A bunch of bananas sitting on top of a wooden table.
1	a bunch of bananas sitting upon top of a wooden table.
0	A closeup of a group of bananas on a table
1	a closeup of a group of bananas with a table
0	Close up of a bunch of bananas on a wooden counter.
1	close up of a bunch of bananas over a wooden counter.
0	A bunch of bananas very close up on a table.
1	a bunch of bananas very close up over a table.
0	The four huge bananas are still connected together.
1	the four tiny bananas are still connected together.
0	a table top with some laptops on it
1	a table top with some laptops behind it
0	a desk by a window the a few computers on it
1	a desk by a window the a few computers behind it
0	Laptop and two computer screens on a desk overlooking a snowy yard
1	laptop and two computer screens in a desk overlooking a snowy yard
0	a desk that has some computer screens on it
1	a desk that has some computer screens beside it
0	a bunch of bikes are lined up on a curb
1	a bunch of bikes are lined up in a curb
0	A line up of motorcycles parked on the side of the street.
1	a line within of motorcycles parked on the side of the street.
0	A row of motorcycles parked on the side of a street.
1	a row of motorcycles parked behind the side of a street.
0	A parked motorcycle sitting on the side of the road.
1	a parked motorcycle sitting in the side of the road.
0	There is a motorcycle parked on the side of the road.
1	there is a motorcycle parked over the side of the road.
0	A motorcycle parked on the side of a desert road.
1	a motorcycle parked beside the side of a desert road.
0	The motorcycle is on the side of a winding country road.
1	the motorcycle is with the side of a winding country road.
0	A motorcycle is parked on the side of a road.
1	a motorcycle is parked upon the side of a road.
0	A large orange sitting on a glass plate.
1	a large orange sitting beside a glass plate.
0	A close up of a orange on a plate
1	a close up of a orange behind a plate
0	An orange is shining on a white plate.
1	an orange is shining in a white plate.
0	A ripe orange sitting on a light blue plate.
1	a ripe orange sitting behind a light blue plate.
0	a photo of a orange from above looking down on it sitting on a swirled background.
1	a photo of a orange from above looking down with it sitting on a swirled background.
0	A grouping of bananas hanging in a tree next to grassy area.
1	a grouping of bananas hanging beside a tree next to grassy area.
0	A black motorcycle parked at a building that says "500".
1	a black motorcycle parked behind a building that says "500".
0	A large motorcycle that is sitting outside of a building.
1	a large motorcycle that is sitting underneath of a building.
0	A motorcycle parked outside the doors of a building
1	a motorcycle parked inside the doors of a building
0	A large scree TV sits in the corner of a family room.
1	a large scree tv sits upon the corner of a family room.
0	a large television set next to stone fireplace in a living room
1	a large television set next to stone fireplace upon a living room
0	A basketball game is shown on a computer monitor.
1	a basketball game is shown in a computer monitor.
0	A basketball game is being played on the television set.
1	a basketball game is being played beside the television set.
0	A plane with people watching it and people near it.
1	a plane with people watching it and people below it.
0	A group of people that are standing near a large plane.
1	a group of people that are standing over a large plane.
0	This is a picture if a air craft in the snow
1	this is a picture if a air craft over the snow
0	A very big military plane parked in the snow.
1	a very big military plane parked over the snow.
0	A large air plane smoking and parked in the snow .
1	a large air plane smoking and parked at the snow.
0	there is a very large plane that is landed in the snow
1	there is a very large plane that is landed beside the snow
0	A gray plane is on the snow as a red truck is near it.
1	a gray plane is on the snow as a red truck is below it.
0	A bright red light that is on the side of a snow covered street.
1	a bright red light that is beside the side of a snow covered street.
0	A light shines over a canopy on a snow covered sidewalk.
1	a light shines on a canopy on a snow covered sidewalk.
0	it is snowing near a staircase and some walls with a light
1	it is snowing in a staircase and some walls with a light
0	two giraffes in  field near some trees
1	two giraffes at field near some trees
0	a giraffe standing next to a tree with one with it's leg in the air
1	a giraffe standing next to a tree with one with it's leg under the air
0	two giraffes standing in a straw field next to shrubbery.
1	two giraffes standing over a straw field next to shrubbery.
0	One giraffe is standing erect while the other is contorted in a strange position.
1	one giraffe is standing erect while the other is contorted over a strange position.
0	a bunch of sheep are walking on the road
1	a bunch of sheep are walking over the road
0	a person on a vehicle with many sheeps on a road
1	a person on a vehicle on many sheeps on a road
0	The sheep are on packed tightly on the paved road, herded the traditional way, with a sheep dog, and the modern way, with an motorized vehicle.
1	the sheep are on packed tightly in the paved road, herded the traditional way, with a sheep dog, and the modern way, with an motorized vehicle.
0	A vehicle driving towards a herd of sheep.
1	a vehicle driving atop a herd of sheep.
1	the sheep are on packed tightly on the paved road, herded the traditional way, with a sheep dog, and the ancient way, with an motorized vehicle.
0	A crowded street scene with cars, a Brinks truck, buses and people standing on sidewalk.
1	a crowded street scene on cars, a brinks truck, buses and people standing on sidewalk.
0	A group of vehicles that are sitting in the street.
1	a group of vehicles that are sitting beside the street.
0	A car with alarm clocks and flowers on it's dash board.
1	a car with alarm clocks and flowers in it's dash board.
0	A bench sitting on top of a grass covered hillside.
1	a bench sitting behind top of a grass covered hillside.
0	A park bench set overlooking sailboats on the water.
1	a park bench set overlooking sailboats behind the water.
0	Lone bench on side of expansive bay with sailboats in distance.
1	lone bench with side of expansive bay with sailboats in distance.
0	A telephone booth and a red bus on the side of the street.
1	a telephone booth and a red bus upon the side of the street.
0	A red double decker bus parked near a red telephone booth
1	a red double decker bus parked over a red telephone booth
0	A double decker bus parked on a city street.
1	a double decker bus parked over a city street.
0	Back yard in the mountains with a picnic table covered in snow.
1	back yard upon the mountains with a picnic table covered in snow.
0	A picnic table sitting outside covered in snow.
1	a picnic table sitting outside covered beside snow.
0	Red double decker bus with people standing on top.
1	red double decker bus with people standing in top.
0	Double decker bus with people on the top floor on road.
1	double decker bus with people with the top floor on road.
0	A bus full of happy tourists drives down the street.
1	a bus full of angry tourists drives down the street.
0	A picture of nine fire hydrants in various type color schemes.
1	a picture of nine fire hydrants upon various type color schemes.
0	Different fire hydrants have different looks including bright colors and stand in dirt and grass and the sidewalk.
1	different fire hydrants have different looks including bright colors and stand beside dirt and grass and the sidewalk.
0	Several different fire hydrants that have been painted various colors.
0	a collage with nine fire hydrants of different color combinations
1	several like fire hydrants that have been painted various colors.
1	like fire hydrants have different looks including bright colors and stand in dirt and grass and the sidewalk.
1	a collage with nine fire hydrants of like color combinations
0	a couple of yellow poles are on the street
1	a couple of yellow poles are upon the street
0	Three fire hydrants in front of a huge building.
1	three fire hydrants beside front of a huge building.
0	Thee copper fire hydrants on a plaza in a large city.
1	thee copper fire hydrants on a plaza over a large city.
0	some fire hyrdants sitting in a line on a sidewalk
1	some fire hyrdants sitting in a line beside a sidewalk
0	A group of poles in the ground that look a bit like fire hydrants.
1	a group of poles under the ground that look a bit like fire hydrants.
1	three fire hydrants in front of a tiny building.
0	Two very cute fuzzy young sheep on  a grassy hill.
1	two very cute fuzzy young sheep in a grassy hill.
0	Two lambs are standing on the grass in a field.
1	two lambs are standing behind the grass in a field.
0	Two sheep's that are standing in the field.
1	two sheep's that are standing under the field.
0	Two sheep with black and white faces, are on a field.
1	two sheep with black and white faces, are behind a field.
0	Two small lambs are standing on a hill.
1	two small lambs are standing beside a hill.
1	two very cute fuzzy happy sheep on a grassy hill.
0	A red-haired woman is gesturing toward a red double-decker bus in Europe.
1	a red-haired woman is gesturing toward a red double-decker bus over europe.
0	a person posing for a photo with a double deckered bus in the background
1	a person posing for a photo with a double deckered bus upon the background
0	A street sign posted at an empty city intersection.
1	a street sign posted over an empty city intersection.
0	A street has a red and white sign with an arrow on it.
1	a street has a red and white sign with an arrow upon it.
0	There is a sign pointing to a random box in the middle of a street.
1	there is a sign pointing to a random box over the middle of a street.
0	A bunch of lambs standing around in a field behind a fence.
1	a bunch of lambs standing around over a field behind a fence.
0	Several sheep in a pen; one looks at the camera.
1	several sheep under a pen; one looks at the camera.
0	This is an image of a man standing next to a sign with a camel on it.
1	this is an image of a man standing next to a sign with a camel over it.
0	The man stands next to a camel warning sign on a highway.
1	the man stands next to a camel warning sign upon a highway.
0	A man is posing in a desert, leaning on a sign with an image of a camel on it.
1	a man is posing in a desert, leaning on a sign with an image of a camel beside it.
0	A bicycle signal sign, in front of a road.
1	a bicycle signal sign, over front of a road.
0	The street signs gives directions on using a bicycle signal.
1	the street signs gives directions in using a bicycle signal.
0	A green bike signal sign sitting on the side of a street.
1	a green bike signal sign sitting upon the side of a street.
0	Street and traffic signs on a road in Italy on a sunny day
1	street and traffic signs on a road in italy upon a sunny day
0	A street sign and bushes on a road.
1	a street sign and bushes with a road.
0	A curvy road with blue signs at the side of the road and a view of mountains in the background.
1	a curvy road with blue signs at the side of the road and a view of mountains at the background.
0	A narrow street has numerous blue pointing signs.
0	There are several street signs and arrows pointing to different ways.
1	a dirty street has numerous blue pointing signs.
1	there are several street signs and arrows pointing to like ways.
0	A train is coming down the tracks near buildings.
1	a train is coming down the tracks upon buildings.
0	Train riding along a train track in the city with smoke coming out of it.
1	train riding along a train track over the city with smoke coming out of it.
0	A black steam train rolls through a city.
1	a black steam train rolls up a city.
0	A train driving down the rail road tracks in a city.
1	a train driving down the rail road tracks over a city.
0	Large public transportation train in different coloration sectionals.
1	large public transportation train over different coloration sectionals.
0	An old train is making its way through the city.
1	an old train is making its way around` the city.
1	large public transportation train in like coloration sectionals.
0	A stop sign at a corner where roads connect
1	a stop sign across a corner where roads connect
0	A stop sigh with road sign at an intersection.
1	a stop sigh with road sign over an intersection.
0	There is a stop sign on a road with two street names on it
1	there is a stop sign on a road with two street names with it
0	A stop sign at an intersection with blue sky in the background.
1	a stop sign beside an intersection with blue sky in the background.
0	A row of parking meters on a curb side.
1	a row of parking meters behind a curb side.
0	a car is barely seen in the picture because it went by fast
1	a car is barely seen in the picture because it went on fast
0	A town street at night is lit up with neon lights.
1	a town street behind night is lit up with neon lights.
0	An image that is capturing headlights in motion.
1	an image that is capturing headlights beside motion.
0	A cat sitting on the sand near some palm trees.
1	a cat sitting in the sand near some palm trees.
0	White cat sitting on sandy area near walkway.
1	white cat sitting on sandy area over walkway.
0	A cat is sitting on the beach near some trees.
1	a cat is sitting on the beach across some trees.
0	A cell phone and book on a couch.
1	a cell phone and book beside a couch.
0	The contents of a bag sitting on a couch.
1	the contents of a bag sitting with a couch.
0	a journal, notebook, keys, book and backpack on a beige couch
1	a journal, notebook, keys, book and backpack behind a beige couch
0	A cat has fallen asleep on top of a luggage
1	a cat has fallen asleep in top of a luggage
0	A sleeping tabby cat on an overturned suitcase.
1	a sleeping tabby cat in an overturned suitcase.
0	A tiger stripped cat sitting on top of a purple piece of luggage.
1	a tiger stripped cat sitting beside top of a purple piece of luggage.
0	A cat that is sleeping inside of some luggage.
1	a cat that is sleeping up of some luggage.
0	A cat is standing on a board game
1	a cat is standing beside a board game
0	A striped cat standing with it's front paws on a game board and two beers next to the board.
1	a striped cat standing with it's front paws in a game board and two beers next to the board.
0	A CAT SITTING ON A BOARD GAME THAT IS ON TOP OF A COFFEE TABLE
1	a cat sitting upon a board game that is on top of a coffee table
0	A cat nibbles on a sprinkled donut that is being fed by the owner.
1	a cat nibbles behind a sprinkled donut that is being fed by the owner.
0	A brown cow laying on top of a lush green field.
1	a brown cow laying in top of a lush green field.
0	A cow lies alone in a field with dandelions.
1	a cow lies alone beside a field with dandelions.
0	A white and brown cow sitting in grass field with flowers.
1	a white and brown cow sitting beside grass field with flowers.
0	Cows eating in a feed lot with a roof ridge and blue sky in the background
1	cows eating in a feed lot with a roof ridge and blue sky upon the background
0	Cows grazing on hay in an outdoor pen.
1	cows grazing on hay in an indoor pen.
0	A herd of cattle grazing on lush green grass.
1	a herd of cattle grazing upon lush green grass.
0	A herd of cows in a field underneath a cloudy sky.
1	a herd of cows under a field underneath a cloudy sky.
0	A herd of cattle in a large, open field.
1	a herd of cattle at a large, open field.
0	A cute cat laying on a rock in the woods.
1	a cute cat laying upon a rock in the woods.
0	a cat laying on a rock beside a tree
1	a cat laying upon a rock beside a tree
0	Adult cat sitting on a rock surrounded by branches.
1	adult cat sitting beside a rock surrounded by branches.
0	A brown, black and white cat sits on a rock near a tree.
1	a brown, black and white cat sits behind a rock near a tree.
0	The car lies on the rock in the woods.
1	the car lies over the rock in the woods.
0	Cows are crossing a highway in front of foothills.
1	cows are crossing a highway under front of foothills.
0	Cows crossing a country road behind a large truck.
1	cows crossing a country road beside a large truck.
0	Cows crossing the freeway with the free range in Nevada.
1	cows crossing the freeway with the free range over nevada.
0	a male in a gray suit checked tie and silver watch
1	a male at a gray suit checked tie and silver watch
0	A man wearing a suit and tie with his hands on his head.
1	a man wearing a suit and tie with his hands over his head.
0	a man in a suit holds on to his head
1	a man under a suit holds on to his head
0	The young man is wearing a grey suit and tie.
1	the happy man is wearing a grey suit and tie.
0	A couple of people standing in a room.
1	a couple of people standing beside a room.
0	There is a battleship floating in the water.
1	there is a battleship floating upon the water.
0	A navy shop docked at a dock in a harbor.
1	a navy shop docked at a dock upon a harbor.
0	A ship in the harbor against a clear blue sky.
1	a ship upon the harbor against a clear blue sky.
0	A pianist in a suit and glasses playing a keyboard.
1	a pianist beside a suit and glasses playing a keyboard.
0	A man playing a keyboard with a spot light on him.
1	a man playing a keyboard with a spot light upon him.
0	A man in a suit seated at a keyboard
1	a man in a suit seated behind a keyboard
0	A person sitting at a keyboard in a room.
1	a person sitting over a keyboard in a room.
0	Two baby elephants standing in tall grass with an adult elephant.
1	two baby elephants standing at tall grass with an adult elephant.
0	An elephant and two baby elephants on the grassy field.
1	an elephant and two baby elephants upon the grassy field.
0	One large and two small elephants huddle together in a field
1	one large and two small elephants huddle together under a field
0	An elephant with full tusks standing in a field.
1	an elephant with full tusks standing over a field.
0	The elephant with huge tusks is walking through tall grass.
1	the elephant with huge tusks is walking within tall grass.
0	An elephant stands in weeds with trees in the background.
1	an elephant stands at weeds with trees in the background.
0	A elephant with large tusks standing in tall grass and brush, with trees behind it.
1	a elephant with large tusks standing over tall grass and brush, with trees behind it.
1	the elephant with tiny tusks is walking through tall grass.
0	A piece of luggage covered in lots of clothing on top of a bed.
1	a piece of luggage covered over lots of clothing on top of a bed.
0	A suitcase is open with clothes lying on it.
1	a suitcase is open with clothes lying over it.
0	A cat sleeping in a full, open suitcase.
1	a cat sleeping upon a full, open suitcase.
0	Two elephants in a dry lot contained by fencing.
1	two elephants beside a dry lot contained by fencing.
0	Two elephants stand in a pen and are touching each others faces with their trunks.
1	two elephants stand under a pen and are touching each others faces with their trunks.
0	two elephants are in their pen and some trees
1	two elephants are upon their pen and some trees
0	Two elephants in a field rubbing their trunks on each other.
1	two elephants over a field rubbing their trunks on each other.
0	Two tusked elephants fighting on grass in the wild.
1	two tusked elephants fighting on grass beside the wild.
0	a dog in a field near a fence
1	a dog over a field near a fence
0	a dog sitting on the grass with something in it's mouth
1	a dog sitting behind the grass with something in it's mouth
0	A panda sitting in a field and eating.
1	a panda sitting beside a field and eating.
0	A panda bear sits on the ground by a tree.
1	a panda bear sits beside the ground by a tree.
0	a sexy naked woman on a bed in front of a window
1	a sexy naked woman over a bed in front of a window
0	A naked woman in black heels laying on a bed.
1	a naked woman beside black heels laying on a bed.
0	A naked woman laying on a bed in shoes.
1	a naked woman laying upon a bed in shoes.
0	A naked woman in high heels laying on a bed.
1	a naked woman in high heels laying behind a bed.
0	Naked woman with heels on bed and curtains
1	naked woman with heels with bed and curtains
0	A large panda bear sitting in an enclosure.
1	a large panda bear sitting beside an enclosure.
0	A panda bear eating in its zoo enclosure
1	a panda bear eating beside its zoo enclosure
0	A panda sitting in a dirt enclosure with trees.
1	a panda sitting at a dirt enclosure with trees.
0	A panda sitting in its enclosure with trees and bushes.
1	a panda sitting upon its enclosure with trees and bushes.
0	A bear stands on all fours near rocks and fallen trees.
1	a bear stands on all fours across rocks and fallen trees.
0	There is a black bear eating grass in the wild
1	there is a black bear eating grass under the wild
0	A dog looks at the camera while standing beside a stove.
1	a dog looks beside the camera while standing beside a stove.
0	The dog is looking anxiously at the camera operator.
1	the dog is looking anxiously upon the camera operator.
0	One zebra grazing on shrubs in the wild.
1	one zebra grazing on shrubs upon the wild.
0	A zebra grazing in the wild by itself
1	a zebra grazing upon the wild by itself
0	Zebra looking for sparse grass within heavy bush cover.
1	zebra looking for sparse grass towards heavy bush cover.
0	A zebra standing and grazing alone in some brush.
1	a zebra standing and grazing alone upon some brush.
0	A man bending over in the woods with a frisbee in each hand.
1	a man bending over beside the woods with a frisbee in each hand.
0	A man standing in a wooden area with a frisbee in his hand.
1	a man standing beside a wooden area with a frisbee in his hand.
0	Man standing in wooded area playing with flying discs.
1	man standing under wooded area playing with flying discs.
0	a person with a frisbe near many trees
1	a person with a frisbe upon many trees
0	A brown horse with blonde hair standing in an open field.
1	a brown horse with blonde hair standing upon an open field.
0	A brown horse walking outside in the grass
1	a brown horse walking outside at the grass
0	A lone horse walking through a grassy field.
1	a lone horse walking within a grassy field.
0	A brown horse with a white mane is on the grass.
1	a brown horse with a white mane is with the grass.
1	a brown horse with brunette hair standing in an open field.
0	The skier is making a high jump in the snow.
1	the skier is making a high jump at the snow.
0	A woman is cross country skiing through a tree lined path.
1	a woman is cross country skiing up a tree lined path.
0	A woman is walking up the hill in the snow on skies
1	a woman is walking up the hill over the snow on skies
0	A woman in a purple jacket is snow skiing.
1	a woman at a purple jacket is snow skiing.
0	a clear glass holder that has bananas inside of it
1	a clear glass holder that has bananas through of it
0	A bunch of bananas on a clear glass dish.
1	a bunch of bananas upon a clear glass dish.
0	A picture from a cookbook of a selection of banana's in a glass stand.
1	a picture from a cookbook of a selection of banana's at a glass stand.
0	The plate is empty on the table.
1	the plate is empty beside the table.
0	A white plate with a plastic fork and food crumbs on it.
1	a white plate with a plastic fork and food crumbs with it.
0	A dirty plate and fork sitting on a table.
1	a dirty plate and fork sitting with a table.
0	A fork is laying on an empty plate with crumbs.
1	a fork is laying beside an empty plate with crumbs.
1	a cheap plate and fork sitting on a table.
0	A banana, cereal, and coffee sitting on a table
1	a banana, cereal, and coffee sitting beside a table
0	A blue plate with a pile of vegetables on a table.
1	a blue plate with a pile of vegetables beside a table.
0	A pile of broccoli and other vegetables sits upon a blue plate.
1	a pile of broccoli and other vegetables sits in a blue plate.
0	Broccoli pieces cooked in a cheese sauce in a microwave tray.
1	broccoli pieces cooked beside a cheese sauce in a microwave tray.
0	a serving of broccoli with a spoon in a container.
1	a serving of broccoli on a spoon in a container.
0	Pasta with sauce and meat on plate on wood table
1	pasta with sauce and meat on plate upon wood table
0	A plate of food with bread and pasta with broccoli.
1	a plate of food with bread and pasta on broccoli.
0	A man with a helmet on a skateboard
1	a man with a helmet beside a skateboard
0	A shirtless man wearing a helmet on a skateboard.
1	a shirtless man wearing a helmet with a skateboard.
0	A skateboarder with pads and a helmet travels at speed.
1	a skateboarder on pads and a helmet travels at speed.
0	A person on a skateboard going down a hill
1	a person upon a skateboard going down a hill
0	a person riding a skate board on a street
1	a person riding a skate board over a street
0	A person with helmet crouched on skateboard in motion.
1	a person with helmet crouched on skateboard over motion.
0	Hot dogs and french fries are lined up at a table.
1	hot dogs and french fries are lined up behind a table.
0	Hot dogs and french fries in paper serving dishes.
1	hot dogs and french fries beside paper serving dishes.
0	A lot of food that is on top of a table.
1	a lot of food that is beside top of a table.
0	A man in a black snow suit sits in his snowmobile in a snowstorm.
1	a man under a black snow suit sits in his snowmobile in a snowstorm.
0	A man sits on a snowmobile that is parked beside his companions.
1	a man sits on a snowmobile that is parked in his companions.
0	the person is sitting on a snow mobile
1	the person is sitting behind a snow mobile
0	It is snowing while someone sits on their snowmobile.
1	it is snowing while someone sits with their snowmobile.
0	a person riding a skate board at a skate park
1	a person riding a skate board upon a skate park
0	A man performing on a skateboard ramp jump.
1	a man performing in a skateboard ramp jump.
0	The skateboarder is jumping near a metal fence.
1	the skateboarder is jumping over a metal fence.
0	A person riding a skateboard on the side of the road.
1	a person riding a skateboard upon the side of the road.
0	a guy riding his skate board on the sidewalk
1	a guy riding his skate board with the sidewalk
0	A woman sitting in front of a plate of food.
1	a woman sitting under front of a plate of food.
0	Woman eating a really large sandwich at a dinner table.
1	woman eating a really large sandwich beside a dinner table.
0	a young woman with glasses holding a chicken wing in front of her body
1	a young woman with glasses holding a chicken wing beside front of her body
1	a happy woman with glasses holding a chicken wing in front of her body
0	A man holds a hot dog while several people walk in the background.
1	a man holds a hot dog while several people walk at the background.
0	An older man in a chef coat holding some food.
1	an older man under a chef coat holding some food.
0	A chef holding a hotdog outside at a food stand.
1	a chef holding a hotdog outside beside a food stand.
0	A couple of hotdogs are on a plate
1	a couple of hotdogs are beside a plate
0	Two hot dogs with various toppings sit on the plate.
1	two hot dogs on various toppings sit on the plate.
0	A couple of hot dogs covered in mayo and pickles.
1	a couple of hot dogs covered under mayo and pickles.
0	Boys playing on an indoor skate mat ramp
1	boys playing with an indoor skate mat ramp
0	A young person goes down a slope on a skateboard with no wheels.
1	a young person goes down a slope beside a skateboard with no wheels.
0	A young man boarding down a ramp with spectators.
0	A young person is going down a skateboard ramp.
1	a happy man boarding down a ramp with spectators.
1	a happy person goes down a slope on a skateboard with no wheels.
1	a happy person is going down a skateboard ramp.
0	A group of young men riding skateboards on ramps.
1	a group of young men riding skateboards in ramps.
0	Skateboard ramps set up in a parking lot with boys skating on them
1	skateboard ramps set up in a parking lot with boys skating beside them
0	People watch as a couple of people are skateboarding on ramps.
1	people watch as a couple of people are skateboarding in ramps.
1	a group of happy men riding skateboards on ramps.
0	there is a round pan covered with aluminum in the stove
1	there is a round pan covered with aluminum at the stove
0	A casserole covered in foil is inside an oven.
1	a casserole covered at foil is inside an oven.
0	A dish covered in aluminum foil is baking in an oven.
1	a dish covered at aluminum foil is baking in an oven.
0	a pot of food cooking in an oven
1	a pot of food cooking beside an oven
0	A steak sandwich on a bun with peppers, pickles and cheese.
1	a steak sandwich with a bun with peppers, pickles and cheese.
0	Meat and vegetables sit on buns on a plate.
1	meat and vegetables sit upon buns on a plate.
0	a plate of sandwiches that is sitting on a table
1	a plate of sandwiches that is sitting in a table
0	A plate topped with two hot dogs smothered in condiments.
1	a plate topped with two hot dogs smothered beside condiments.
0	A sandwich is on a long bun in paper wrapping.
1	a sandwich is in a long bun in paper wrapping.
0	A sandwich of grilled meat and vegetables on flaky bread.
1	a sandwich of grilled meat and vegetables beside flaky bread.
0	Close-up of a sandwich in a deli paper wrapper.
1	close-up of a sandwich beside a deli paper wrapper.
1	a sandwich is on a short bun in paper wrapping.
0	A man with a wet suit on riding a surfboard on a wave.
1	a man with a wet suit on riding a surfboard over a wave.
0	A guy surfs a wave on a surf board.
1	a guy surfs a wave upon a surf board.
0	A cat that is laying on a bed looking at the wall.
1	a cat that is laying behind a bed looking at the wall.
0	A cat sitting on the corner of a bed.
1	a cat sitting over the corner of a bed.
0	A black and white cat laying on a bed
1	a black and white cat laying over a bed
0	A black and white cat sitting on a bed.
1	a black and white cat sitting with a bed.
0	A cat sits on the corner edge of a bed.
1	a cat sits upon the corner edge of a bed.
0	A young boy standing in front of a themed birthday cake.
1	a young boy standing upon front of a themed birthday cake.
0	A little kid that is smiling in front of a birthday cake.
1	a little kid that is smiling beside front of a birthday cake.
0	A young kit stands before a birthday cake decorated with captain America.
1	a happy kit stands before a birthday cake decorated with captain america.
1	a happy boy standing in front of a themed birthday cake.
0	A woman sitting on a surfboard in the ocean.
1	a woman sitting upon a surfboard in the ocean.
0	A women sits on top of an object in a body of water.
1	a women sits on top of an object under a body of water.
0	girl sitting on surfboard at sunset on the ocean
1	girl sitting over surfboard at sunset on the ocean
0	A young girl standing under a red tarp on street.
1	a young girl standing under a red tarp in street.
0	a person standing under a canopy by a building
1	a person standing below a canopy by a building
0	an outdoor area with a red umbrella covering over a street market and several people standing around it.
1	an outdoor area with a red umbrella covering below a street market and several people standing around it.
1	a happy girl standing under a red tarp on street.
1	an indoor area with a red umbrella covering over a street market and several people standing around it.
0	A man in a red shirt rides a yellow surfboard on light blue water.
1	a man in a red shirt rides a yellow surfboard with light blue water.
0	a surfer in a red top is surfing on a white and green board
1	a surfer in a red top is surfing over a white and green board
0	a man riding a surfboard in the ocean
1	a man riding a surfboard upon the ocean
0	A man is surfing in the crystal blue water
1	a man is surfing beside the crystal blue water
0	Two people surfing in the ocean on surfboards
1	two people surfing upon the ocean on surfboards
0	One guy zooms the waves on his surfboard while another guy looks on.
1	one guy zooms the waves on his surfboard while another guy looks with.
0	A hotel room with king bed and a TV on a dresser.
1	a hotel room with king bed and a tv in a dresser.
0	A bedroom with a balcony in a hotel
1	a bedroom with a balcony under a hotel
0	Two cats sitting on a bed that has not been made.
1	two cats sitting upon a bed that has not been made.
0	Two cats curled up on a messy bed.
1	two cats curled up behind a messy bed.
0	Two cats are lounging on an unmade bed.
1	two cats are lounging beside an unmade bed.
0	Something pink on a bag on a small table in a bedroom .
1	something pink on a bag on a small table beside a bedroom.
0	Adult man sitting at table while using electronic equipment.
1	adult man sitting behind table while using electronic equipment.
0	A man sitting in front of a laptop computer with a cup of coffee.
1	a man sitting in front of a laptop computer on a cup of coffee.
0	a person sitting at a table with a laptop
1	a person sitting behind a table with a laptop
0	A young man works from his laptop and talks on his cell phone over a cup of coffee at a coffee shop.
1	a young man works from his laptop and talks on his cell phone over a cup of coffee over a coffee shop.
0	A man talks on his cell phone while he surfs his computer
1	a man talks over his cell phone while he surfs his computer
1	a happy man works from his laptop and talks on his cell phone over a cup of coffee at a coffee shop.
0	Man and woman sitting on a couch while the man works on a laptop.
1	man and woman sitting on a couch while the man works upon a laptop.
0	A couple on a love seat with the man working on a laptop while the woman is curled up next to him.
1	a couple with a love seat with the man working on a laptop while the woman is curled up next to him.
0	A man and woman sitting on a small couch while he works on a laptop.
1	a man and woman sitting over a small couch while he works on a laptop.
0	A man is striking a tennis ball at a game
1	a man is striking a tennis ball over a game
0	Three men playing in a men's doubles tennis match.
1	three men playing under a men's doubles tennis match.
0	Three guys playing tennis on a tennis court.
1	three guys playing tennis in a tennis court.
0	A tennis doubles match is in session with four men playing.
1	a tennis doubles match is over session with four men playing.
0	A couple of men standing on top of a tennis court.
1	a couple of men standing over top of a tennis court.
0	A woman seated in front of a buffet of pizzas.
1	a woman seated upon front of a buffet of pizzas.
0	a woman sitting at a table with multiple boxes of pizza
1	a woman sitting at a table on multiple boxes of pizza
0	a woman is sitting down in front of several large pizzas
1	a woman is sitting down under front of several large pizzas
0	A woman standing in front of an assortment of different pizzas with a plate in front of her.
1	a woman standing at front of an assortment of different pizzas with a plate in front of her.
1	a woman standing in front of an assortment of like pizzas with a plate in front of her.
0	a boy taking a selfie in a mirror while brushing his teeth
1	a boy taking a selfie at a mirror while brushing his teeth
0	A man that is brushing his teeth in the mirror.
1	a man that is brushing his teeth at the mirror.
0	Someone in brushing their teeth while taking a mirror selfie.
1	someone at brushing their teeth while taking a mirror selfie.
0	This couple is playing wrestling on their Wii.
1	this couple is playing wrestling beside their wii.
0	A man sits on a chair and plays video games.
1	a man sits beside a chair and plays video games.
0	A person watching TV in a living room with lamps.
1	a person watching tv at a living room with lamps.
0	The man is in his living room playing a video game.
1	the man is under his living room playing a video game.
0	A man sitting on a chair playing a video game.
1	a man sitting beside a chair playing a video game.
0	A dog laying on a leather sofa in a living room.
1	a dog laying behind a leather sofa in a living room.
0	A displayed text message on a black cell phone.
1	a displayed text message upon a black cell phone.
0	Looking over a person's shoulder who is looking at a text message on a phone.
1	looking over a person's shoulder who is looking at a text message in a phone.
0	A slice of pizza partially obscuring a cell phone.
1	a slice of pizza altogether obscuring a cell phone.
0	An African American girl is looking at her cellphone.
1	an african american girl is looking beside her cellphone.
0	The woman is sitting down checking her messages on her cell phone.
1	the woman is sitting down checking her messages behind her cell phone.
0	A woman reading a text message on her cellphone.
1	a woman reading a text message in her cellphone.
0	A brown teddy bear sitting in a chair wearing a blue shirt and red hat.
1	a brown teddy bear sitting over a chair wearing a blue shirt and red hat.
0	A stuffed bear with a hat on a table.
1	a stuffed bear with a hat in a table.
0	A small stuffed animal bear with a red hat and blue coat sitting on a table.
1	a small stuffed animal bear with a red hat and blue coat sitting upon a table.
0	A man riding a kiteboard on top of the ocean.
1	a man riding a kiteboard over top of the ocean.
0	A man engaging in a water sport near a wave in the ocean.
1	a man engaging upon a water sport near a wave in the ocean.
0	The man holds a surfing kite in the ocean.
1	the man holds a surfing kite beside the ocean.
0	people on the beach watching the many kites
1	people upon the beach watching the many kites
0	Several kites being flown on a beach with people.
1	several kites being flown upon a beach with people.
0	A couple of people flying a kite on top of a sandy beach.
1	a couple of people flying a kite with top of a sandy beach.
0	This is a couple walking at the beach pulling a parachute behind them.
1	this is a couple walking beside the beach pulling a parachute behind them.
0	Two people are walking on a beach with a large kite.
1	two people are walking in a beach with a large kite.
0	a male and a female on the sand and a large kite
1	a male and a female over the sand and a large kite
0	A couple of people are on the beach with a large kite.
1	a couple of people are beside the beach with a large kite.
0	A pizza is served on a dish above a table.
1	a pizza is served upon a dish above a table.
0	A half-eaten deep dish pizza on a platter.
1	a half-eaten deep dish pizza in a platter.
0	A deep dish pizza served to a table on a tray
1	a deep dish pizza served to a table behind a tray
0	A person sitting at a table with some pizza.
1	a person sitting over a table with some pizza.
0	A young man is sitting at the table with a full pizza.
1	a young man is sitting upon the table with a full pizza.
0	A young man sitting at a table with a pizza.
1	a happy man sitting at a table with a pizza.
1	a happy man is sitting at the table with a full pizza.
0	An open laptop computer sitting on a wooden desk.
1	an open laptop computer sitting over a wooden desk.
0	A laptop is sitting on a table with a cup, notebook, and cell phone.
1	a laptop is sitting on a table on a cup, notebook, and cell phone.
0	A laptop is kept open on the table along with mobile,notebook and pen.
1	a laptop is kept open upon the table along with mobile, notebook and pen.
0	A laptop, mouse, cell phone and a notepad sitting on a table.
1	a laptop, mouse, cell phone and a notepad sitting with a table.
0	A person with glasses on biting an apple laptop box in an apple store.
1	a person with glasses on biting an apple laptop box at an apple store.
0	a close up of a person holding a laptop box
1	a close atop of a person holding a laptop box
0	A young fellow with black glasses is biting his box.
1	a happy fellow with black glasses is biting his box.
0	A collage of photos, balloons and flowers on display.
1	a collage of photos, balloons and flowers over display.
0	a decorated building with baloons and picture frames on the wall
1	a decorated building with baloons and picture frames behind the wall
0	a clock hanging on a wall with pictures of animals around it
1	a clock hanging with a wall with pictures of animals around it
0	a clock in between animals potraits hanged in a wall
1	a clock in between animals potraits hanged over a wall
0	Three pictures and a clock hanging on an orange wall.
1	three pictures and a clock hanging upon an orange wall.
0	A clock with a horse painting below and two cat pictures on the sides.
1	a clock with a horse painting below and two cat pictures upon the sides.
0	a woman sits on a chair with a laptop on her lap
1	a woman sits in a chair with a laptop on her lap
0	A group of people sitting on chairs that make up a circle.
1	a group of people sitting beside chairs that make up a circle.
0	Two people working in a kitchen preparing a meal.
1	two people working over a kitchen preparing a meal.
0	A man and a woman are working in a restaurant kitchen.
1	a man and a woman are working over a restaurant kitchen.
0	A MAN AND A WOMAN BEHIND THE SCENES IN A KITCHEN
1	a man and a woman behind the scenes over a kitchen
0	An old double door oven that was in a fire.
1	an old double door oven that was at a fire.
0	An old dirty and broken stove in a dug up room.
1	an old dirty and broken stove upon a dug up room.
0	A double stove in a building with rubble on the floor.
1	a double stove in a building with rubble over the floor.
0	An old oven sitting rusted out in a room
1	an old oven sitting rusted out under a room
0	An old stone church with a clock on front
1	an old stone church on a clock on front
0	A view looking up the side of a clock tower with crosses on the top.
1	a view looking up the side of a clock tower with crosses beside the top.
0	Three people in hats and wigs taking a picture of themselves on a cell phone.
1	three people at hats and wigs taking a picture of themselves on a cell phone.
0	A group of people at an event watching and taking pictures.
1	a group of people beside an event watching and taking pictures.
0	A fridge sits closed in a neutral room.
1	a fridge sits closed beside a neutral room.
0	A fridge that is all white in a kitchen.
1	a fridge that is all white at a kitchen.
0	A refrigerator has some drawings on the door
1	a refrigerator has some drawings in the door
0	A refrigerator is in front of a curtain.
1	a refrigerator is under front of a curtain.
0	a refrigerator with stickers on it sits in a corner in front of a window
1	a refrigerator with stickers on it sits upon a corner in front of a window
0	A kitchen with a lot of things on the counters.
1	a kitchen with a lot of things over the counters.
0	A long, narrow kitchen looking into a hallway.
1	a short, narrow kitchen looking into a hallway.
0	Waffles on a plate have a gravy on them as they sit near a spoon.
1	waffles on a plate have a gravy in them as they sit near a spoon.
0	Broccoli and waffles with a mushroom sauce on a plate with a spoon beside it.
1	broccoli and waffles with a mushroom sauce on a plate with a spoon in it.
0	A woman holding a quiche in her hand and smiling
1	a woman holding a quiche at her hand and smiling
0	A woman holding a piece of food in her hand.
1	a woman holding a piece of food beside her hand.
0	A lady in a blue jacket holds a quiche in a square.
1	a lady under a blue jacket holds a quiche in a square.
0	A clock is on two sides of a building.
1	a clock is beside two sides of a building.
0	A large clock tower below the clear sky.
1	a large clock tower in the clear sky.
0	Take care of scissors close in black-and-white picture
1	take care of scissors close beside black-and-white picture
0	An upclose view of a pair of scissors inside a drain.
1	an upclose view of a pair of scissors around` a drain.
0	A closeup view of a bunch of scissors in black and white.
1	a closeup view of a bunch of scissors beside black and white.
0	A man lying on a coach in the living room.
1	a man lying in a coach in the living room.
0	a man laying on a couch sleeping with his head on a teddy bear
1	a man laying on a couch sleeping with his head behind a teddy bear
0	A man laying on a couch in a living room.
1	a man laying upon a couch in a living room.
0	A person lying on a couch with a cup on the table
1	a person lying on a couch with a cup upon the table
0	A young man naps on a brown couch in a room with wood paneling.
1	a happy man naps on a brown couch in a room with wood paneling.
0	A close-up of grains and pastries on a table.
1	a close-up of grains and pastries with a table.
0	many plates of pastries on a table with a bowl of strawberries
1	many plates of pastries upon a table with a bowl of strawberries
0	A setting of different foods being served in wicker baskets.
1	a setting of like foods being served in wicker baskets.
0	People sitting at outside patio under umbrella.
1	people sitting upon outside patio under umbrella.
0	People are sitting around an outdoor dining table.
1	people are sitting around an indoor dining table.
0	In a large wooden room people stand around black covered tables.
1	beside a large wooden room people stand around black covered tables.
0	Several people at a gathering where there is food present.
1	several people over a gathering where there is food present.
0	A man holding a wine glass looking at the camera.
1	a man holding a wine glass looking behind the camera.
0	The man in the black leather coat is holding a wine glass.
1	the man upon the black leather coat is holding a wine glass.
0	A man holding a small cat in his hands.
1	a man holding a small cat upon his hands.
0	A man holding a small black and white cat in his hands and placing his face next to it.
1	a man holding a small black and white cat under his hands and placing his face next to it.
0	A young man cuddling a small cat in his hands.
1	a happy man cuddling a small cat in his hands.
0	a person on the back of a parked truck
1	a person upon the back of a parked truck
0	Two men working in the back of a pickup truck.
1	two men working at the back of a pickup truck.
0	some people wearing black and cooking food in a big kitchen
1	some people wearing black and cooking food at a big kitchen
0	A bathroom that has a medicine cabinet over the toilet.
1	a bathroom that has a medicine cabinet near the toilet.
0	a bathroom with a sink and toilet sitting on some tile
1	a bathroom with a sink and toilet sitting behind some tile
0	about twenty people riding bicycles through a town area
1	about twenty people riding bicycles up a town area
0	A large bus and some people on a city street.
1	a large bus and some people upon a city street.
0	A white toilet sitting next to a bath tub with a chair in it.
1	a white toilet sitting next to a bath tub with a chair at it.
0	A chair sits in a bathtub in a bathroom
1	a chair sits in a bathtub under a bathroom
0	A chair sitting in a shower, the photo is black and white.
1	a chair sitting under a shower, the photo is black and white.
0	A desk chair is in a bathtub in a run down bathroom.
1	a desk chair is at a bathtub in a run down bathroom.
0	A towel that is on a rack in a bathroom.
1	a towel that is in a rack in a bathroom.
0	A bathroom with a carpet, towels, a personal items on the counter.
1	a bathroom with a carpet, towels, a personal items upon the counter.
0	A bathroom room that has a window in it.
1	a bathroom room that has a window beside it.
0	A bathroom with toilet and sink in it.
1	a bathroom with toilet and sink at it.
0	Some people are sitting on a car that's been wrapped in plastic
1	some people are sitting over a car that's been wrapped in plastic
0	there are a few men that are sitting on top of a car
1	there are a few men that are sitting upon top of a car
0	People sitting on a car with suran wrap around them
1	people sitting over a car with suran wrap around them
0	Motorcycle parked in the parking lot of asphalt.
1	motorcycle parked under the parking lot of asphalt.
0	The back tire of an old style motorcycle is resting in a metal stand.
1	the back tire of an old style motorcycle is resting over a metal stand.
0	A man sitting on a toilet with a cigarette and beer can in hand.
1	a man sitting on a toilet with a cigarette and beer can under hand.
0	a man that is nealed down in a bathroom
1	a man that is nealed down under a bathroom
0	A man on the toilet drinking a beer and smoking a cigarette.
1	a man in the toilet drinking a beer and smoking a cigarette.
0	A row of abandoned toilets along in various stages of disrepair.
1	a row of abandoned toilets along over various stages of disrepair.
0	Several toilet bowls in a row in a restroom.
1	several toilet bowls in a row under a restroom.
0	Many toilets lined up against a wall in a rooms.
1	many toilets lined up against a wall under a rooms.
0	A white  and gray water fixture sitting on top of cardboard.
1	a white and gray water fixture sitting with top of cardboard.
0	A piece of pottery sitting on a work table .
1	a piece of pottery sitting upon a work table.
0	A broken object sits on top of some cardboard.
1	a broken object sits in top of some cardboard.
0	A close up of a ceramic bowl that has been painted.
1	a close underneath of a ceramic bowl that has been painted.
0	A gray cat laying on top of a wooden book shelf.
1	a gray cat laying behind top of a wooden book shelf.
0	a cat resting on a shelf next to some books
1	a cat resting beside a shelf next to some books
0	A grey cat sleeping on a shelf behind books.
1	a grey cat sleeping on a shelf in books.
0	A grey cat sitting on a bookshelf.
1	a grey cat sitting upon a bookshelf.
0	Two people on motorcycles are at an intersection in a rural area.
1	two people over motorcycles are at an intersection in a rural area.
0	A man turning into an intersection on a motorcycle.
1	a man turning into an intersection in a motorcycle.
0	two motorcycle riders on a road some grass and trees
1	two motorcycle riders in a road some grass and trees
1	two people on motorcycles are at an intersection in a urban area.
0	a flower with some plants on its stem
1	a flower on some plants on its stem
0	there are many different dirt bikes on display
1	there are many different dirt bikes over display
0	Several beautiful vintage racing motorcycles on public display.
1	several ugly vintage racing motorcycles on public display.
1	there are many like dirt bikes on display
0	A row of red and white umbrellas stand above tables in an outdoor eating area.
1	a row of red and white umbrellas stand above tables upon an outdoor eating area.
0	A group of benches with Coca Cola umbrellas over them.
1	a group of benches with coca cola umbrellas at them.
0	Several picnic tables are sit up in a row with Coca Cola umbrellas over them.
1	several picnic tables are sit up at a row with coca cola umbrellas over them.
0	A row of picnic benches and coca cola umbrellas outside a restaurant.
1	a row of picnic benches and coca cola umbrellas underneath a restaurant.
1	a row of red and white umbrellas stand above tables in an indoor eating area.
0	An old-fashioned motorcycle painted mint green and parked on a curb.
1	an old-fashioned motorcycle painted mint green and parked over a curb.
0	Two people standing beside two small motorcycles outside.
1	two people standing beside two small motorcycles underneath.
0	A nice looking motor cyce sits in a cage
1	a nice looking motor cyce sits beside a cage
0	Motorcycle on display in parking lot for many to see
1	motorcycle in display in parking lot for many to see
0	The motorcycle is parked on the side of the road.
1	the motorcycle is parked over the side of the road.
0	A fighter jet is flying at a fast speed.
1	a fighter jet is flying behind a fast speed.
0	A fighter jet flying through the sky with smoke coming off of it.
1	a fighter jet flying outside the sky with smoke coming off of it.
0	A figher jet creating condensation flying through the blue sky.
1	a figher jet creating condensation flying outside the blue sky.
0	A sky filled with airplanes flying underneath the clouds.
1	a sky filled on airplanes flying underneath the clouds.
0	Several planes in similar styles flying in formation.
1	several planes at similar styles flying in formation.
0	Eight jets in the sky in a flying formation.
1	eight jets upon the sky in a flying formation.
0	A group of people standing behind a Military cargo plane.
1	a group of people standing beside a military cargo plane.
0	The back of a grey airplane with people standing in the runway.
1	the back of a grey airplane with people standing beside the runway.
0	A group of people looking at an air plane with its back cargo hold door open.
1	a group of people looking beside an air plane with its back cargo hold door open.
0	A plane that is on top of the  ground.
1	a plane that is behind top of the ground.
0	A small airplane sitting on top of a runway.
1	a small airplane sitting behind top of a runway.
0	some people waiting to get on a small plane
1	some people waiting to get over a small plane
0	Several passengers waiting near an older style airplane
1	several passengers waiting over an older style airplane
0	A woman walking across the street looking at a Car Quest vehicle.
1	a woman walking over the street looking at a car quest vehicle.
0	Black and white photo of a pedestrian at a suburban crosswalk
1	black and white photo of a pedestrian upon a suburban crosswalk
0	A street scene with a woman crossing at the crosswalk.
1	a street scene with a woman crossing upon the crosswalk.
0	A car drives on the road while a woman walks.
1	a car drives behind the road while a woman walks.
0	A man walking across an airport next to a passenger jet.
1	a man walking over an airport next to a passenger jet.
0	A person wearing a safety vest walks in front of a plane that is being boarded by passengers.
1	a person wearing a safety vest walks over front of a plane that is being boarded by passengers.
0	A man walking on the tarmac next to a jumbo jet.
1	a man walking behind the tarmac next to a jumbo jet.
0	People board a plane as a man in an orange vest walks towards the rear.
1	people board a plane as a man in an orange vest walks beneath the rear.
0	A giraffe is being pet by an adult and child's hand as other people are watching on the other side of the fence.
1	a giraffe is being pet by an adult and child's hand as other people are watching with the other side of the fence.
0	A bench sits in front of an asphalt that is being overgrown with grass
1	a bench sits over front of an asphalt that is being overgrown with grass
0	A park view picture, there appears to be a filter on the camera.
1	a park view picture, there appears to be a filter upon the camera.
0	The bench is near a park clearing and a tree.
1	the bench is below a park clearing and a tree.
0	A number of sheep gathered together looking around while standing on grass.
1	a number of sheep gathered together looking around while standing in grass.
0	Sheep are standing together outside in a field
1	sheep are standing together outside beside a field
0	The sheep gathered in the meadow wait to be told where to go
1	the sheep gathered over the meadow wait to be told where to go
0	A flock of very cute sheep in a grassy field.
1	a flock of very cute sheep beside a grassy field.
0	A yellow fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
1	a yellow fire hydrant sitting behind the side of a road.
0	a close up of a fire hydrant on a side walk
1	a close towards of a fire hydrant on a side walk
0	an empty street with some fire hyrandts sitting on the sidewalk
1	an empty street with some fire hyrandts sitting behind the sidewalk
0	A herd of sheep standing on top of a grass covered field.
1	a herd of sheep standing over top of a grass covered field.
0	A herd of shaggy haired sheep grazing in a field.
1	a herd of shaggy haired sheep grazing at a field.
0	A red fire hydrant located beside a river of water.
1	a red fire hydrant located upon a river of water.
0	A red and silver fire hydrant in the mountains
1	a red and silver fire hydrant under the mountains
0	Several sheep in a grassy field near a crow in flight.
1	several sheep in a grassy field over a crow in flight.
0	A flock of sheep and their young in a field.
1	a flock of sheep and their happy in a field.
0	A city filled with electronic billboards on a busy street.
1	a city filled with electronic billboards behind a busy street.
0	Three traffic signs sit on on a corner in front of a brick wall.
1	three traffic signs sit on in a corner in front of a brick wall.
0	Two signs that are on the side of a wall.
1	two signs that are behind the side of a wall.
0	A corner with a Stop sign, a no entry sign and a one way sign in front of a brick wall with graffiti.
1	a corner on a stop sign, a no entry sign and a one way sign in front of a brick wall with graffiti.
0	Two birds with huge beaks walking on the ground and some in the river.
1	two birds with huge beaks walking upon the ground and some in the river.
0	Two pelicans on the sidewalk in the foreground with several more in the water in the background
1	two pelicans on the sidewalk in the foreground with several more under the water in the background
0	some birds are standing near some water outside
1	some birds are standing over some water outside
1	two birds with tiny beaks walking on the ground and some in the river.
0	A group of small birds sitting inside of a nest.
1	a group of small birds sitting around` of a nest.
0	a couple of birds that are in a nest
1	a couple of birds that are over a nest
0	three unusual looking birds with flat beaks sitting in a nest
1	three usual looking birds with flat beaks sitting in a nest
0	a yellow and black train sitting on track
1	a yellow and black train sitting over track
0	A train on the tracks going away from the city.
1	a train over the tracks going away from the city.
0	a sub way train resting on tracks outside the city
1	a sub way train resting beside tracks outside the city
0	A train is stopped in front of an industrial area.
1	a train is stopped at front of an industrial area.
0	There is a train that is stopped at the stockport station
1	there is a train that is stopped behind the stockport station
0	Train waiting to board in the Stockport train station
1	train waiting to board at the stockport train station
0	A picture of a train that is going on the tracks.
1	a picture of a train that is going over the tracks.
0	A white and yellow train traveling through a rural country side.
1	a white and yellow train traveling around` a rural country side.
0	A freight train travels on tracks past power lines in a treed area,
1	a freight train travels on tracks past power lines under a treed area,
0	THERE IS A TRAIN THAT IS COMING ON THE TRACKS
1	there is a train that is coming upon the tracks
0	a yellow and white freight train sitting idle on the track
1	a yellow and white freight train sitting idle behind the track
1	a white and yellow train traveling through a urban country side.
0	A close up of a Zebra eating some grass.
1	a close towards of a zebra eating some grass.
0	A close up of a cute zebra eating some grass.
1	a close within of a cute zebra eating some grass.
0	An up close picture of a zebra grazing on grass.
1	an up close picture of a zebra grazing behind grass.
0	A red fire engine is inside of a building.
1	a red fire engine is through of a building.
0	A large truck stops on an infrequently traveled wooded road.
1	a large truck stops with an infrequently traveled wooded road.
0	There is a green truck driving through a wooden forest path.
1	there is a green truck driving within a wooden forest path.
0	a truck stopped on a road in front of some trees
1	a truck stopped in a road in front of some trees
1	a large truck stops on an frequently traveled wooded road.
0	Cow lays in a straw bed during a convention.
1	cow lays at a straw bed during a convention.
0	two brown cows and some people in the background
1	two brown cows and some people at the background
0	A cow laying in hay at a trade show.
1	a cow laying in hay over a trade show.
0	A cow in a pen inside a store with people.
1	a cow in a pen inside a store on people.
0	a group of cows stand on a steep hill
1	a group of cows stand beside a steep hill
0	a group of cows are standing on a hill together
1	a group of cows are standing behind a hill together
0	A group of cows that are standing in the grass.
1	a group of cows that are standing over the grass.
0	A man standing next to two black cows in a field
1	a man standing next to two black cows over a field
0	A farmer is standing with his cattle on the grass.
1	a farmer is standing with his cattle with the grass.
0	A harbor with many boats and city in the background.
1	a harbor with many boats and city beside the background.
0	Boats in the harbor of a city near a range of hills.
1	boats upon the harbor of a city near a range of hills.
0	A group of nice boats docked at a marina near a city.
1	a group of nice boats docked upon a marina near a city.
0	A harbor filled with lots of different white ships.
1	a harbor filled with lots of like white ships.
0	A man and a woman posing in a living room for a picture.
1	a man and a woman posing upon a living room for a picture.
0	2 formally dressed people pose for a picture
1	2 informally dressed people pose for a picture
0	A man who has a rainbow colored tie on.
1	a man who has a rainbow colored tie in.
0	The man is happy about his new striped tie.
1	the man is angry about his new striped tie.
0	A man riding an elephant standing at a fence line.
1	a man riding an elephant standing across a fence line.
0	An elephant stands by a wooden fence in the sunshine.
1	an elephant stands by a wooden fence under the sunshine.
0	Group of people riding on the back of large elephant.
1	group of people riding beside the back of large elephant.
0	A group of people riding an elephant through a field of crops.
1	a group of people riding an elephant outside a field of crops.
0	A man and two girls riding atop an elephant
1	a man and two girls riding outside an elephant
0	Three people standing on the back of an elephant.
1	three people standing upon the back of an elephant.
0	An elephant being ridden by people who are standing and sitting on it.
1	an elephant being ridden by people who are standing and sitting behind it.
0	Three people are riding on top of a elephant, two woman have there arms out.
1	three people are riding in top of a elephant, two woman have there arms out.
0	two people with ties on their heads
1	two people with ties upon their heads
0	Two men with neckties tied on head with bottles
1	two men with neckties tied in head with bottles
0	The man with black outfit and royal blue necktie poses for a photo at the event
1	the man on black outfit and royal blue necktie poses for a photo at the event
0	A young man dressed in black with a blue tie.
1	a young man dressed over black with a blue tie.
1	a happy man dressed in black with a blue tie.
0	A picture of a blanket on the sidewalk covered with flower headbands, knitted caps, assortment of cloths and a lunatic sign.
1	a picture of a blanket with the sidewalk covered with flower headbands, knitted caps, assortment of cloths and a lunatic sign.
0	a blanket with a bunch of clothing sitting on top of it
1	a blanket with a bunch of clothing sitting upon top of it
0	A sign saying "lunatic" is on a blanket with flowered headbands and other items.
1	a sign saying "lunatic" is beside a blanket with flowered headbands and other items.
0	The blanket has an arrangement of flowers laying on it with various other items.
1	the blanket has an arrangement of flowers laying in it with various other items.
0	a very large group of people outside a building
1	a very large group of people towards a building
0	some people on a street with umbrellas and some buildings
1	some people beside a street with umbrellas and some buildings
0	A group of monks standing on a street holding an umbrella.
1	a group of monks standing in a street holding an umbrella.
0	Two monks stand on a busy street holding an umbrella.
1	two monks stand over a busy street holding an umbrella.
0	A black and white photograph of luggage lined up on a sidewalk.
1	a black and white photograph of luggage lined up upon a sidewalk.
0	people walking in front of building next to a sidewalk lined with suitcases.
1	people walking over front of building next to a sidewalk lined with suitcases.
0	People walking towards a building and towards a group of suitcases sitting on the side of the road.
1	people walking up a building and towards a group of suitcases sitting on the side of the road.
0	A black and white photo shows a lot of luggage on a side walk.
1	a black and white photo shows a lot of luggage with a side walk.
0	A dog sitting on a couch while staring out a window.
1	a dog sitting with a couch while staring out a window.
0	A dog sitting on a chair looking out a window.
1	a dog sitting beside a chair looking out a window.
0	a person laying in bed with a dog on him
1	a person laying in bed on a dog on him
0	The dog lies in bed on its back with the man.
1	the dog lies at bed on its back with the man.
0	A man laying in bed with his dog laying on top of him.
1	a man laying over bed with his dog laying on top of him.
0	A man lies in bed with his dog laying on him.
1	a man lies in bed with his dog laying behind him.
0	A dog sitting on to of a window sill.
1	a dog sitting beside to of a window sill.
0	A dog sitting in a window pane with a look of anticipation.
1	a dog sitting over a window pane with a look of anticipation.
0	A man flying through the air holding a yellow frisbee.
1	a man flying within the air holding a yellow frisbee.
0	A man that is jumping in the air with one leg over one of his arms and a frisbee in his hand.
1	a man that is jumping beside the air with one leg over one of his arms and a frisbee in his hand.
0	a man is doing a trick on a yellow skateboard
1	a man is doing a trick beside a yellow skateboard
0	The man is throwing a Frisbee under his leg.
1	the man is throwing a frisbee behind his leg.
0	The young man is playing Frisbee while people watch
1	the happy man is playing frisbee while people watch
0	Three men playing frisbee with a blue sky in background.
1	three men playing frisbee with a blue sky upon background.
0	a horse with a long mane looking at the camera
1	a horse with a long mane looking across the camera
0	A brown and white horse with a long mane lowering his head to graze.
1	a horse with a short mane looking at the camera
1	a brown and white horse with a short mane lowering his head to graze.
0	Two horses in a field with mountains in the background.
1	two horses in a field on mountains in the background.
0	Two horses graze in a field up in the mountains.
1	two horses graze in a field up over the mountains.
0	Two horses that are bent over and eating grass in the pasture together.
1	two horses that are bent on and eating grass in the pasture together.
0	A little child riding on top of a white horse.
1	a little child riding upon top of a white horse.
0	A young boy in riding clothes rides a horse.
1	a young boy upon riding clothes rides a horse.
0	A young helmeted boy rides a white horse.
0	A young boy in a black jacket riding a white horse.
0	a young girl riding a white horse in front of other people
1	a happy helmeted boy rides a white horse.
1	a happy boy in a black jacket riding a white horse.
1	a happy girl riding a white horse in front of other people
1	a happy boy in riding clothes rides a horse.
0	A brown horse with the word Autism written on the side of it.
1	a brown horse with the word autism written in the side of it.
0	A horse with the word "Autism" written on it's back side.
1	a horse with the word "autism" written over it's back side.
0	A horse with "Autism" written on its hind quarters
1	a horse with "autism" written over its hind quarters
0	The horse has the word "autism" written on it.
1	the horse has the word "autism" written upon it.
0	a horse with the word autism painted on it
1	a horse on the word autism painted on it
0	A batter sings his bat at a baseball game.
1	a batter sings his bat behind a baseball game.
0	A team of baseball players practicing at an empty baseball field.
1	a team of baseball players practicing across an empty baseball field.
0	a play hitting a baseball in a stadium
1	a play hitting a baseball beside a stadium
0	FEW PEOPLE IN THE BLEACHERS WATCHING A BASEBALL GAME
1	few people under the bleachers watching a baseball game
0	a male snow skier in a black jacket snow and trees
1	a male snow skier upon a black jacket snow and trees
0	A man with skiing gear on a snow covered area
1	a man with skiing gear beside a snow covered area
0	A man on skis going down the ski slope.
1	a man with skis going down the ski slope.
0	A man is posing on a snowy ramp with skis.
1	a man is posing on a snowy ramp on skis.
0	A skier poses for a picture on top of a snowy hill.
1	a skier poses for a picture in top of a snowy hill.
0	Some skiers on a trail in the woods.
1	some skiers over a trail in the woods.
0	207 is in the lead in this cross country skiing race.
1	207 is over the lead in this cross country skiing race.
0	Two people cross country skiing in a race.
1	two people cross country skiing at a race.
0	Two cross country skiing competitors ski on a tree-lined course.
1	two cross country skiing competitors ski beside a tree-lined course.
0	A green plant with a lot of leaves growing on it.
1	a green plant with a lot of leaves growing in it.
0	Two individuals are standing on skis in the snow.
1	two individuals are standing on skis upon the snow.
0	Two people are skiing on snow covered ground.
1	two people are skiing in snow covered ground.
0	Two people on skis making designs in the snow.
1	two people on skis making designs upon the snow.
0	a bowl full of brocoli sitting on a towel with a fork and spoon sitting next to it
1	a bowl full of brocoli sitting on a towel on a fork and spoon sitting next to it
0	some broccoli in a soup in a bowl
1	some broccoli at a soup in a bowl
0	A plate of vegetables on a dining table.
1	a plate of vegetables behind a dining table.
0	A fry pan with a mixture of vegetables in it.
1	a fry pan with a mixture of vegetables under it.
0	Vegetables and chicken are cooking in a pan.
1	vegetables and chicken are cooking upon a pan.
0	Beans and green vegetables are in a pan.
1	beans and green vegetables are at a pan.
0	A bottle on wine next to a glass of wine.
1	a bottle with wine next to a glass of wine.
0	A bottle and glass on red wine on a patio table
1	a bottle and glass behind red wine on a patio table
0	A glass of wine is shown wit a wine bottle right next to it on a table.
1	a glass of wine is shown wit a wine bottle right next to it in a table.
0	a close up of food on a chopping board with broccoli
1	a close up of food with a chopping board with broccoli
0	Chicken, onion, and broccoli on a cutting board.
1	chicken, onion, and broccoli in a cutting board.
0	A man performing a trick on a ledge on a skateboard.
1	a man performing a trick on a ledge in a skateboard.
0	A skateboarder doing a flip at a skate park
1	a skateboarder doing a flip over a skate park
0	A man is doing a trick on a skateboard.
1	a man is doing a trick behind a skateboard.
0	A man doing a trick with a skateboard on a ledge.
1	a man doing a trick with a skateboard over a ledge.
0	a man standing on one hand holding onto a skateboard
1	a man standing with one hand holding onto a skateboard
0	A man doing a trick on roller-skates in a skate park.
1	a man doing a trick upon roller-skates in a skate park.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.
0	A man riding a skateboard on top of a cement bench.
1	a man riding a skateboard behind top of a cement bench.
0	A young man doing tricks on a skateboard
1	a young man doing tricks in a skateboard
0	an image of a guy on a skateboard doing tricks
1	an image of a guy beside a skateboard doing tricks
0	A skateboarder in a red jacket grinding on a piece of concrete.
1	a skateboarder at a red jacket grinding on a piece of concrete.
1	a happy man doing tricks on a skateboard
0	A chocolate cake is thinly sliced as a knife lays on the surface of the cake.
1	a chocolate cake is thinly sliced as a knife lays in the surface of the cake.
1	a chocolate cake is densely sliced as a knife lays on the surface of the cake.
0	A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.
1	a man flying around` the air while riding a snowboard.
0	a person jumping a snow board in the air
1	a person jumping a snow board over the air
0	People look on as an airborne snowboarder competes.
1	people look beside as an airborne snowboarder competes.
0	a plate with a sandwich and chips on a table
1	a plate with a sandwich and chips with a table
0	Close up of a sandwich, potato chips and a diet coke.
1	close underneath of a sandwich, potato chips and a diet coke.
0	The plat has a sandwich and chips on it.
1	the plat has a sandwich and chips beside it.
0	A sandwich sitting on top of a white plate.
1	a sandwich sitting beside top of a white plate.
0	A close up of a half of a sandwich that is on a plate.
1	a close up of a half of a sandwich that is in a plate.
0	Sandwich half on plate showing contents of sandwich
1	sandwich half behind plate showing contents of sandwich
0	A person with a half of a sandwich in front of them.
1	a person with a half of a sandwich at front of them.
0	A man on a surfboard is on top of a wave.
1	a man on a surfboard is upon top of a wave.
0	A man surfs as three other surfers look on.
1	a man surfs as three other surfers look in.
0	A man in black wetsuit in water next to ledge.
1	a man in black wetsuit beside water next to ledge.
0	A surfer in a wet suit surfing at a wave generating water park.
1	a surfer in a wet suit surfing behind a wave generating water park.
0	A woman riding on top of a wave on a  surfboard.
1	a woman riding on top of a wave with a surfboard.
0	A woman, who is wearing a wetsuit, is paddling on her surfboard out in the water.
1	a woman, who is wearing a wetsuit, is paddling upon her surfboard out in the water.
0	THIS IS A PHOTO OF A WOMAN COMING INTO THE BEACH ON HER SURFBOARD
1	this is a photo of a woman coming into the beach in her surfboard
0	a woman skating on very strong waves in the ocean
1	a woman skating with very strong waves in the ocean
0	A woman paddles through the waves on a surfboard.
1	a woman paddles around` the waves on a surfboard.
1	a woman skating on very proud waves in the ocean
0	A young person at the beach is holding a surfboard.
1	a young person behind the beach is holding a surfboard.
0	A woman holding a surfboard walking on a beach.
1	a woman holding a surfboard walking with a beach.
0	a young female surfer carrying her surfboard on the beach
1	a happy person at the beach is holding a surfboard.
1	a happy female surfer carrying her surfboard on the beach
0	A cut in half sandwich sitting on top of a white plate.
1	a cut beside half sandwich sitting on top of a white plate.
0	A meal that includes coleslaw, a sandwich, and fries is sitting on a white table.
1	a meal that includes coleslaw, a sandwich, and fries is sitting over a white table.
0	A man eats a giant sandwich in front of a window.
1	a man eats a giant sandwich at front of a window.
0	A man leaning his mouth down to a plate that has a sandwich on it and a blue water bottle behind it.
1	a man leaning his mouth down to a plate that has a sandwich upon it and a blue water bottle behind it.
0	A smiling guy sticking his face near a big sandwich.
1	a smiling guy sticking his face in a big sandwich.
0	A bed sitting in a bedroom between two lamps.
1	a bed sitting beside a bedroom between two lamps.
0	A room with a king sized bed in it.
1	a room with a king sized bed beside it.
0	A surfer takes a spill on a small wave.
1	a surfer takes a spill upon a small wave.
0	A surfer loses his balance at the end of a ride
1	a surfer loses his balance upon the end of a ride
0	A man in wetsuit and a surfboard in the waves.
1	a man over wetsuit and a surfboard in the waves.
0	A kid sitting on the beach with a surfboard.
1	a kid sitting with the beach with a surfboard.
0	a young boy resting in the sand on a surfboard
1	a young boy resting in the sand with a surfboard
0	Kid leaning on a surf board on a beach
1	kid leaning beside a surf board on a beach
0	A little boy that is sitting in the sand with a surfboard.
1	a little boy that is sitting upon the sand with a surfboard.
0	A boy is on the beach and is seated on a surfboard.
1	a boy is on the beach and is seated behind a surfboard.
1	a happy boy resting in the sand on a surfboard
0	Two guys are standing at the beach with wet-suits on.
1	two guys are standing behind the beach with wet-suits on.
0	Two men in wetsuits are standing on the beach with white surfboards.
1	two men in wetsuits are standing behind the beach with white surfboards.
0	Two people in full body suits and one without  standing besides surfboards on the beach
1	two people over full body suits and one without standing besides surfboards on the beach
0	The three girls have surfboards on the beach.
1	the three girls have surfboards behind the beach.
0	3 female surfers with their boards at the beach
1	3 female surfers with their boards over the beach
0	Three people with surfboards on the sandy beach.
1	three people with surfboards in the sandy beach.
0	A woman kneeling next to a white snowboard on the sand.
1	a woman kneeling next to a white snowboard with the sand.
0	Women are getting ready to surf on a stormy day.
1	women are getting ready to surf over a stormy day.
0	Surfer on the top of a large blue wave on his board.
1	surfer with the top of a large blue wave on his board.
0	A man riding a surfboard in front of a wave.
1	a man riding a surfboard at front of a wave.
0	A surfer rides a sizable wave on the ocean.
1	a surfer rides a sizable wave over the ocean.
0	A white wedding cake with blue and red butterflies all  over it.
1	a white wedding cake with blue and red butterflies all at it.
0	A person placing bows on a white three-tiered holiday cake.
1	a person placing bows behind a white three-tiered holiday cake.
0	A wedding cake is on a table with a knife near it.
1	a wedding cake is behind a table with a knife near it.
0	A young swimmer walks across surf boards being held.
1	a young swimmer walks beside surf boards being held.
0	A group of people stand in a pool during a class.
1	a group of people stand at a pool during a class.
0	Kids taking turns in the pool walking on surf boards.
1	kids taking turns in the pool walking beside surf boards.
0	A young girl entering the water to go surfing
1	a happy swimmer walks across surf boards being held.
1	a happy girl entering the water to go surfing
0	two people in the ocean with a surf board.
1	two people beside the ocean with a surf board.
0	Two surfers in the ocean getting ready for a wave.
1	two surfers at the ocean getting ready for a wave.
0	Two girls body board on shallow ocean waves
1	two girls body board over shallow ocean waves
0	Two people are seen standing in the waves of the ocean.
1	two people are seen standing beside the waves of the ocean.
0	Two people stand in waves with one holding a board.
1	two people stand over waves with one holding a board.
0	a kid lays on a surf board while in the ocean
1	a kid lays on a surf board while beside the ocean
0	A person on a surfboard in the water.
1	a person in a surfboard in the water.
0	A man on some water with a surf board
1	a man with some water with a surf board
0	a person riding a surf board on a wave
1	a person riding a surf board over a wave
0	A man is surfing a small wave on a board.
1	a man is surfing a small wave behind a board.
0	A long sheet of pizza sitting on top of a table.
1	a long sheet of pizza sitting over top of a table.
0	A full view of some delicious food set on a table.
1	a full view of some delicious food set upon a table.
0	Oval shapes pizzas are served on wooden boards at a restaurant.
1	oval shapes pizzas are served on wooden boards beside a restaurant.
0	A pizza with pickle slices on it across from a pepperoni pizza.
1	a pizza with pickle slices in it across from a pepperoni pizza.
1	a short sheet of pizza sitting on top of a table.
0	A cracker is on a plate next to some mint.
1	a cracker is beside a plate next to some mint.
0	a close up of a plate with food
1	a close within of a plate with food
0	A cracker with shredded cheese and leafy greens on a white plate.
1	a cracker with shredded cheese and leafy greens with a white plate.
0	Close up of an hors d'oeuvre on a plate.
1	close up of an hors d'oeuvre with a plate.
0	an assortment of pizzas covered in meats and veggies
1	an assortment of pizzas covered upon meats and veggies
0	Three separate pictures with different pizzas in them
1	three separate pictures on different pizzas in them
0	There are many different types of pizza on the plates.
1	there are many different types of pizza upon the plates.
1	three separate pictures with like pizzas in them
1	there are many like types of pizza on the plates.
0	A woman standing on a tennis court holding a rocket.
1	a woman standing with a tennis court holding a rocket.
0	A woman stands on a tennis court holding a racket.
1	a woman stands beside a tennis court holding a racket.
0	A woman in a tennis dress stands on her side of the court.
1	a woman over a tennis dress stands on her side of the court.
0	a tennis player standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racket
1	a tennis player standing behind a tennis court holding a tennis racket
0	A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a woman standing beside a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	A beautiful blond woman standing on top of a tennis court.
1	a beautiful blond woman standing over top of a tennis court.
0	a close up of a tennis racket on a court
1	a close within of a tennis racket on a court
0	A woman holding a tennis racket on a tennis court.
1	a woman holding a tennis racket behind a tennis court.
0	A young lady playing tennis on a tennis court.
1	a happy lady playing tennis on a tennis court.
1	a ugly blond woman standing on top of a tennis court.
0	Two pizzas sitting in pie pans on top of  a stove.
1	two pizzas sitting under pie pans on top of a stove.
0	a couple of pies sitting on top of a stove witha fork and knife
1	a couple of pies sitting with top of a stove witha fork and knife
0	Two pizzas on tin plates on an oven with a fork and knife.
1	two pizzas behind tin plates on an oven with a fork and knife.
0	a couple of pizzas are sat out on a table
1	a couple of pizzas are sat out over a table
0	A single toothbrush sits in a handmade toothbrush holder.
1	a single toothbrush sits under a handmade toothbrush holder.
0	A black and white photo of a toothbrush in a holder.
1	a black and white photo of a toothbrush at a holder.
0	A toothbrush sitting in a ceramic toothbrush holder
1	a toothbrush sitting at a ceramic toothbrush holder
0	A toothbrush holder sitting on a ledge in black and white
1	a toothbrush holder sitting behind a ledge in black and white
0	The man is holding the video game remotes on his head.
1	the man is holding the video game remotes over his head.
0	Several pieces of furniture in a room with three windows.
1	several pieces of furniture upon a room with three windows.
0	People milling about a bunch of flags on display.
1	people milling about a bunch of flags beside display.
0	Flags of all sizes and colors blowing in the wind.
1	flags of all sizes and colors blowing over the wind.
0	There are flags from many countries at this camp.
1	there are flags from many countries over this camp.
0	There are several tents pitched on a beach.
1	there are several tents pitched in a beach.
0	Several different-colored tents sit on a sandy beach.
1	several different-colored tents sit upon a sandy beach.
0	a couple of tents are put up outside
1	a couple of tents are put up towards
0	A batter after swinging the bat at a baseball.
1	a batter after swinging the bat over a baseball.
0	The baseball players look on as a teammates is at bat.
1	the baseball players look over as a teammates is at bat.
0	A couple of men on a field playing baseball.
1	a couple of men beside a field playing baseball.
0	The batter looks at the catcher during a baseball game
1	the batter looks upon the catcher during a baseball game
0	A man at bat and a catcher on a baseball field
1	a man at bat and a catcher beside a baseball field
0	Two baseball players who are sitting in the dirt.
1	two baseball players who are sitting beside the dirt.
0	a stove in a kitchen with a shelf and a window
1	a stove over a kitchen with a shelf and a window
0	Two open laptops on a desk pointing in different directions.
1	two open laptops upon a desk pointing in different directions.
0	Two laptop computers are sitting on a small table.
1	two laptop computers are sitting in a small table.
0	There are two laptop computers beside each other
1	there are two laptop computers at each other
1	two open laptops on a desk pointing in like directions.
0	A woman sitting on the couch with her laptop in the house.
1	a woman sitting on the couch with her laptop at the house.
0	a woman in glasses holding a laptop on a courch
1	a woman in glasses holding a laptop with a courch
0	A girl is sitting on a couch holding a laptop computer.
1	a girl is sitting over a couch holding a laptop computer.
0	a red brick wall with a large clock in it
1	a red brick wall with a large clock under it
0	golden clock details on large clock tower clock surrounded by brick
1	golden clock details over large clock tower clock surrounded by brick
0	A clock face on the front of a brick church.
1	a clock face beside the front of a brick church.
0	A tower clock on the building in the city
1	a tower clock in the building in the city
0	Gloves and a sponge are lying on a oven that is being cleaned.
1	gloves and a sponge are lying beside a oven that is being cleaned.
0	An old stove that needs to be cleaned with gloves on the side of it.
1	an old stove that needs to be cleaned with gloves with the side of it.
0	Two rubber gloves are on a stove being cleaned.
1	two rubber gloves are upon a stove being cleaned.
0	a stove that has some gloves on it
1	a stove that has some gloves upon it
0	High stone tower with windows in an old village.
1	high stone tower with windows at an old village.
0	A clock tower gives the time in a city square.
1	a clock tower gives the time upon a city square.
0	A man is walking near a very tall clocktower.
1	a man is walking upon a very tall clocktower.
0	A guy walks down a path near a clock tower.
1	a guy walks down a path below a clock tower.
0	A man walking with a large clock tower behind him.
1	a man walking with a large clock tower beside him.
0	A man standing in the forefront of a large clock.
1	a man standing over the forefront of a large clock.
0	A pair of scissors sitting on a strap.
1	a pair of scissors sitting over a strap.
0	a close up of a pair of scissors on a tether
1	a close within of a pair of scissors on a tether
0	Pair of small green and blue scissors hanging from a matching multi-colored modern print cloth strap.
1	pair of small green and blue scissors hanging from a matching multi-colored ancient print cloth strap.
0	A pot of stew in the middle of cooking.
1	a pot of stew beside the middle of cooking.
0	A pot of food is seen in this image.
1	a pot of food is seen at this image.
0	A man is talking on a cellphone in a store.
1	a man is talking on a cellphone under a store.
0	A man at a shopping mall talks on a telephone.
1	a man at a shopping mall talks in a telephone.
0	A black dog standing between people in line
1	a black dog standing between people at line
0	A small black dog standing behind a crowd of people.
1	a small black dog standing in a crowd of people.
0	A black dog on a leash and people's legs
1	a black dog over a leash and people's legs
0	A person with a robe on is fixing something on the ceiling.
1	a person with a robe on is fixing something beside the ceiling.
0	A person working on a metal object hanging from the ceiling.
1	a person working with a metal object hanging from the ceiling.
0	A woman inspects a hanging apparatus in the kitchen.
1	a woman inspects a hanging apparatus upon the kitchen.
0	A lamp that is on sitting on a table.
1	a lamp that is with sitting on a table.
0	A kitchen area at night lit by a single lamp
1	a kitchen area over night lit by a single lamp
0	Small table in entry of kitchen with bright light.
1	small table over entry of kitchen with bright light.
0	Bathroom view, brightly lit, blue square basin, commode on right, shower curtain on left and heater and window on far end.
1	bathroom view, brightly lit, blue square basin, commode with right, shower curtain on left and heater and window on far end.
0	A bathroom with a shower and toilet decorated in pink and green.
1	a bathroom with a shower and toilet decorated under pink and green.
0	a toilet attached two a green and white wall in the bathroom
1	a toilet attached two a green and white wall over the bathroom
0	A cop car sitting on the side of a road behind a motorcycle.
1	a cop car sitting in the side of a road behind a motorcycle.
0	Police car pulling over a motorcycle on the street.
1	police car pulling near a motorcycle on the street.
0	A man from the UK next to a motorcycle out on the desert.
1	a man from the uk next to a motorcycle out behind the desert.
0	A man standing next to a parked motorcycle on a dirt road.
1	a man standing next to a parked motorcycle in a dirt road.
0	there is a man standing in the desert next to a bike
1	there is a man standing upon the desert next to a bike
0	A man stands beside his motorcycle in front of a store.
1	a man stands beside his motorcycle beside front of a store.
0	a close up of a motorcycle parked on a street
1	a close up of a motorcycle parked beside a street
0	A man stand next to a motorcycle with a bag on the back.
1	a man stand next to a motorcycle with a bag beside the back.
0	people with their head covered on a motorbike
1	people with their head covered over a motorbike
0	Those people have veils over their face while they are  riding the motorcycle.
1	those people have veils near their face while they are riding the motorcycle.
0	Old black and white scene of two people on motorcycle passing a pedestrian.
1	old black and white scene of two people with motorcycle passing a pedestrian.
0	A  nice looking motorcycle in a cityscape
1	a nice looking motorcycle at a cityscape
0	A black motorcycle parked on a brick sidewalk next to a road.
1	a black motorcycle parked over a brick sidewalk next to a road.
0	A motorcycle parked on a sidewalk near a street light.
1	a motorcycle parked with a sidewalk near a street light.
0	The motorcycle is parked on the side of the paved road.
1	the motorcycle is parked upon the side of the paved road.
0	A man in leathers and a helmet riding a motorcycle.
1	a man at leathers and a helmet riding a motorcycle.
0	A man with riding gear on a motorcycle.
1	a man with riding gear behind a motorcycle.
0	A motorcycle parked behind a truck on a green field.
1	a motorcycle parked behind a truck upon a green field.
0	A motorcycle parked in the grass near a trailer and a truck.
1	a motorcycle parked beside the grass near a trailer and a truck.
0	A motorcycle is rusted and parked in a field.
1	a motorcycle is rusted and parked beside a field.
0	Old motorcycle parked outside next to a camper.
1	old motorcycle parked underneath next to a camper.
0	People standing next to tree looking at an airplane flying over ocean.
1	people standing next to tree looking at an airplane flying at ocean.
0	a seaplane flies over the water in front of onlookers
1	a seaplane flies over the water at front of onlookers
0	A single engine plane flying along the coast with people standing in the bank and a sailboat out at sea.
1	a single engine plane flying along the coast with people standing under the bank and a sailboat out at sea.
0	A group of hikers watching a plane over a body of water.
1	a group of hikers watching a plane near a body of water.
0	A group of people on land looking at a flying boat
1	a group of people upon land looking at a flying boat
0	A air plane parked on the ground .
1	a air plane parked with the ground.
0	A jet airplane parked at the airport gate.
1	a jet airplane parked over the airport gate.
0	A stationary white airplane parked at an airport.
1	a stationary white airplane parked upon an airport.
0	there is a airplane that is being boarded at the airport
1	there is a airplane that is being boarded behind the airport
0	An airplane sitting on the tarmac with several service trucks around it.
1	an airplane sitting beside the tarmac with several service trucks around it.
0	An airplane on the ground at an airport with service vehicles parked nearby
1	an airplane on the ground upon an airport with service vehicles parked nearby
0	An airplane is taking off at an airport.
1	an airplane is taking off over an airport.
0	A red, white, and blue airplane flying in the sky.
1	a red, white, and blue airplane flying at the sky.
0	a small dog facing some sheep in a field near the water
1	a small dog facing some sheep over a field near the water
0	Two giraffe standing next to each other on a grass covered field.
1	two giraffe standing next to each other upon a grass covered field.
0	Two giraffes stand very close at a zoo enclosure.
1	two giraffes stand very close across a zoo enclosure.
0	A crying woman looking at herself in a mirror.
1	a crying woman looking at herself under a mirror.
0	A woman looks at her reflection in a handheld mirror.
1	a woman looks at her reflection over a handheld mirror.
0	A girl crying while looking at herself in a mirror.
1	a girl crying while looking beside herself in a mirror.
0	A large crowd of people are near the subway shuttle bus.
1	a large crowd of people are upon the subway shuttle bus.
0	A small dog on a leach sitting near a window.
1	a small dog upon a leach sitting near a window.
0	A dog sits behind a hand rail in a vehicle.
1	a dog sits below a hand rail in a vehicle.
0	Dog on leash riding in back of vehicle.
1	dog behind leash riding in back of vehicle.
0	A double-decker bus in transit in the city.
1	a double-decker bus at transit in the city.
0	Passengers are waiting on a green double decker bus
1	passengers are waiting with a green double decker bus
0	Double Decker bus at station with passengers preparing to board.
1	double decker bus over station with passengers preparing to board.
0	A green double-decker bus with people getting on it.
1	a green double-decker bus with people getting behind it.
0	A large white bus and many cars on a road.
1	a large white bus and many cars over a road.
0	A double decker bus travels through a city and approaches an intersection
1	a double decker bus travels around` a city and approaches an intersection
0	Double decker tourist bus near a traffic stop.
1	double decker tourist bus below a traffic stop.
0	A red, white and blue fire hydrant in a pile of snow.
1	a red, white and blue fire hydrant beside a pile of snow.
0	A red and blue fire hydrant covered in snow.
1	a red and blue fire hydrant covered over snow.
0	A fire hydrant that is partially buried in snow.
1	a fire hydrant that is altogether buried in snow.
0	A hybrid bus bound for the village of Voorschoten in the Netherlands.
1	a hybrid bus bound for the village of voorschoten over the netherlands.
0	A modern commuter bus and some passengers at a bus stop
1	a ancient commuter bus and some passengers at a bus stop
0	A bus coming around the corner on a city street.
1	a bus coming around the corner beside a city street.
0	A bus traveling down the road, on the tar.
1	a bus traveling down the road, behind the tar.
0	a bus that is parked outside of some buildings
1	a bus that is parked underneath of some buildings
0	A bus drives on a paved road with markings.
1	a bus drives on a paved road on markings.
0	A woman walking across a sidewalk pulling a bag of luggage behind her.
1	a woman walking below a sidewalk pulling a bag of luggage behind her.
0	A lady is standing outside in front of a bus station.
1	a lady is standing outside at front of a bus station.
0	A bicycle parking sign on a pole at the corner of a street.
1	a bicycle parking sign on a pole across the corner of a street.
0	A black lamppost with a white traffic sign on side of street.
1	a black lamppost on a white traffic sign on side of street.
0	a small horse is attached to a cart on the side of a road
1	a small horse is attached to a cart beside the side of a road
0	A donkey hooked up to a cart stands on a street.
1	a donkey hooked up to a cart stands in a street.
0	A giraffe that is standing in the grass.
1	a giraffe that is standing over the grass.
0	this is a giraffe standing in the water
1	this is a giraffe standing at the water
0	Giraffe standing in grassy area near wall in outdoor area.
1	giraffe standing in grassy area near wall upon outdoor area.
0	A single giraffe standing by the fence outside.
1	a single giraffe standing by the fence within.
1	giraffe standing in grassy area near wall in indoor area.
0	A busy residential street with parked cars on the sides.
1	a busy residential street on parked cars on the sides.
0	A long street with one car turning around in the middle.
1	a long street with one car turning around under the middle.
1	a short street with one car turning around in the middle.
0	A street sign covered in stickers under a breezeway.
1	a street sign covered in stickers beside a breezeway.
0	A sign near a building with stickers on it
1	a sign in a building with stickers on it
0	A sign with many different stickers placed on it.
1	a sign with many different stickers placed upon it.
1	a sign with many like stickers placed on it.
0	A giraffe is standing outside near some rocks.
1	a giraffe is standing outside upon some rocks.
0	an image of a giraffe hunched over on dirt floor
1	an image of a giraffe hunched over upon dirt floor
0	two giraffes are walking around in their pen
1	two giraffes are walking around over their pen
0	A pair of giraffes stand under a canopy together.
1	a pair of giraffes stand across a canopy together.
0	Two giraffes are standing outside the umbrella.
1	two giraffes are standing inside the umbrella.
0	two giraffes under a tent at a zonn
1	two giraffes under a tent beside a zonn
0	A street sign on a city street with tall buildings.
1	a street sign with a city street with tall buildings.
0	A sign with some buildings in the background.
1	a sign on some buildings in the background.
0	A small bird is perched on a leafless twig.
1	a small bird is perched over a leafless twig.
0	A small bird standing on a small branch.
1	a small bird standing behind a small branch.
0	Small black and white bird sitting on a thin branch.
1	small black and white bird sitting upon a thin branch.
0	A professional quality picture of a bird on a branch.
1	a professional quality picture of a bird in a branch.
0	A black, white and tan bird sitting on a limb.
1	a black, white and tan bird sitting in a limb.
0	two colorful parrots sitting on some tree branches while one chews on it
1	two colorful parrots sitting beside some tree branches while one chews on it
0	Some colorful birds standing on some tree branches
1	some colorful birds standing with some tree branches
0	Two beautiful macaws are sitting on some tree branches,
1	two beautiful macaws are sitting with some tree branches,
1	two ugly macaws are sitting on some tree branches,
0	Two No Parking Signs emphasize the law on this street.
1	two no parking signs emphasize the law in this street.
0	a wall with the words no parking on this street.
1	a wall with the words no parking upon this street.
0	Parking sign sitting in front of huge no parking sign on the wall behind it.
1	parking sign sitting in front of huge no parking sign on the wall across it.
0	A no parking sign next to a wall proclaiming "NO PARKING ON THIS STREET"
1	a no parking sign next to a wall proclaiming "no parking behind this street"
1	parking sign sitting in front of tiny no parking sign on the wall behind it.
0	A traffic light in South Venice with road signs
1	a traffic light under south venice with road signs
0	A pole that has a traffic light and many different signs.
1	a pole that has a traffic light and many like signs.
0	A flock of birds sitting on top of a large rock.
1	a flock of birds sitting with top of a large rock.
0	A view of a bunch of seagulls sitting on a  ledge near the ocean.
1	a view of a bunch of seagulls sitting on a ledge in the ocean.
0	many birds at the beach and others flying over it
1	many birds at the beach and others flying below it
0	A tiny bat is held by someone with a camera
1	a tiny bat is held by someone on a camera
0	An uncommon picture of a single person inside this picture.
1	an uncommon picture of a single person around` this picture.
0	A man holds a small animal in front of a camera.
1	a man holds a small animal beside front of a camera.
1	a huge bat is held by someone with a camera
0	A passenger train is traveling over a bridge.
1	a passenger train is traveling near a bridge.
0	A train going down the train tracks across a bridge.
1	a train going down the train tracks below a bridge.
0	A light rail going across an old bridge and people are looking out of the window.
1	a light rail going upon an old bridge and people are looking out of the window.
0	A train traveling across a bridge over a river.
1	a train traveling across a bridge near a river.
0	a bus passes over a bridge, under an arch.
1	a bus passes over a bridge, below an arch.
0	Commuter train crossing an unusually designed bridge, next to empty roadway.
1	commuter train crossing an normally designed bridge, next to empty roadway.
0	a small bird sits on a tree branch
1	a small bird sits behind a tree branch
0	A bird is perched on a branch of a tree.
1	a bird is perched behind a branch of a tree.
0	A man is close to a train on the tracks.
1	a man is close to a train with the tracks.
0	A train traveling down tracks through a forest.
1	a train traveling down tracks outside a forest.
0	A group of men standing on a street corner next to a stop sign.
1	a group of men standing behind a street corner next to a stop sign.
0	people walking by a pole with  a lot of street signs on it
1	people walking on a pole with a lot of street signs on it
0	a stop sight and street sings on a street corner
1	a stop sight and street sings beside a street corner
0	A colorful train is standing on the platform.
1	a colorful train is standing behind the platform.
0	A train on a rail line with paintings
1	a train over a rail line with paintings
0	A bus with graffitti written on the side if it
1	a bus on graffitti written on the side if it
0	a train with many acts drawn on it
1	a train with many acts drawn in it
0	The passenger train has elaborate spray paint on the side.
1	the passenger train has elaborate spray paint upon the side.
0	A stop sign at the intersection of two streets.
1	a stop sign beside the intersection of two streets.
0	The view of a rail line in a city
1	the view of a rail line upon a city
0	A small town grocery store beside a road.
1	a small town grocery store at a road.
0	A large military jeep in front of another military convoy,
1	a large military jeep upon front of another military convoy,
0	Fuzzy cat sitting outside on the window sill
1	fuzzy cat sitting outside upon the window sill
0	a cat standing on a window looking at the camera
1	a cat standing on a window looking beside the camera
0	A cat sitting on a window pane staring at something in the distance.
1	a cat sitting on a window pane staring over something in the distance.
0	A white, brown and gray long haired cat sitting on a window ledge.
1	a white, brown and gray long haired cat sitting beside a window ledge.
0	A cat in a black and white picture sleeping on a table.
1	a cat in a black and white picture sleeping in a table.
0	A cat laying on a wooden shelf sleeping.
1	a cat laying in a wooden shelf sleeping.
0	A gray cat sleeping on the table next to a bottle
1	a gray cat sleeping with the table next to a bottle
0	A cat lying asleep on a desk by a water bottle.
1	a cat lying asleep over a desk by a water bottle.
0	A cat on a bed looking at a laptop
1	a cat with a bed looking at a laptop
0	Could the cat have been working on laptop?
1	could the cat have been working in laptop?
0	a cat sits on a  bed in front of a laptop
1	a cat sits with a bed in front of a laptop
0	A cat that is sitting on a bed near a laptop.
1	a cat that is sitting on a bed across a laptop.
0	a small calf nursing a cow in a pasture
1	a small calf nursing a cow under a pasture
0	A cow breastfeeding its calf  while other cows stands around in a grass area.
1	a cow breastfeeding its calf while other cows stands around over a grass area.
0	The young cow is standing in the field with the older cows.
1	the happy cow is standing in the field with the older cows.
0	a woman with a tie smoking a cigarette with a big smile
1	a woman with a tie smoking a cigarette on a big smile
0	A women dressed in a hat and tie poses for a picture.
1	a women dressed over a hat and tie poses for a picture.
0	A woman with a hat, tie and striped halter smoking a long cigarette.
1	a woman with a hat, tie and striped halter smoking a short cigarette.
0	A sailboat on land next to a playground near the ocean.
1	a sailboat on land next to a playground below the ocean.
0	A boat that isn't in the water next to a playground.
1	a boat that isn't upon the water next to a playground.
0	a boat parked on dry land by the ocean
1	a boat parked behind dry land by the ocean
0	a boat that is on a shore by some water
1	a boat that is on a shore on some water
0	A ship is on land near water, next to a playground.
1	a ship is behind land near water, next to a playground.
0	Cupcakes with beach inspired decorations on top of them.
1	cupcakes on beach inspired decorations on top of them.
0	Cupcakes in colorful paper cupcake cups with decorations of beach scenes.
1	cupcakes upon colorful paper cupcake cups with decorations of beach scenes.
0	A man is dressed like a clown magician while pointing at a picture on his cell phone.
1	a man is dressed like a clown magician while pointing across a picture on his cell phone.
0	This is an image of a man with a hat pointing at a smart phone.
1	this is an image of a man on a hat pointing at a smart phone.
1	this is an image of a man with a hat pointing at a dumb phone.
0	An elephant walks through the grass of a field.
1	an elephant walks around` the grass of a field.
0	Three big elephants walking the grass in a jungle
1	three big elephants walking the grass at a jungle
0	three elephants in a field near a tree
1	three elephants upon a field near a tree
0	Several elephants are seen out and about in the wilderness.
1	several elephants are seen out and about beside the wilderness.
0	People going down a narrow area on a boat.
1	people going down a narrow area beside a boat.
0	A gondola like boat crossing over a bridge
1	a gondola like boat crossing on a bridge
0	People in a small boat traveling in water along a walkway
1	people upon a small boat traveling in water along a walkway
0	A boat traveling down a narrow canal next to a forest.
0	A narrow boat coming down a small water way next to a sidewalk.
1	people going down a dirty area on a boat.
1	a boat traveling down a dirty canal next to a forest.
1	a dirty boat coming down a small water way next to a sidewalk.
0	A girl with a black eye and pig tails sits in a suitcase.
1	a girl on a black eye and pig tails sits in a suitcase.
0	A woman with makeup bruises is in a suitcase.
1	a woman with makeup bruises is at a suitcase.
0	A woman with a marking under her eye emerging from a suit case.
1	a woman on a marking under her eye emerging from a suit case.
0	a female in a black shirt is in a suitcase
1	a female in a black shirt is beside a suitcase
0	A large elephant stomps around on the dirt covered ground.
1	a large elephant stomps around over the dirt covered ground.
0	An elephant walking on a dirt road, in the day.
1	an elephant walking in a dirt road, in the day.
0	A elephant that is standing in the dirt.
1	a elephant that is standing over the dirt.
0	Little girl smiling under a big umbrella in the rain
1	little girl smiling under a big umbrella beside the rain
0	A little girl is standing in front of a bush holding an umbrella.
1	a little girl is standing beside front of a bush holding an umbrella.
0	A small child stand in the rain with an umbrella.
1	a small child stand in the rain on an umbrella.
0	Multiple bags of luggage sit on a trailer.
1	multiple bags of luggage sit beside a trailer.
0	A bear walking through a field by some moss and trees.
1	a bear walking around` a field by some moss and trees.
0	A large bear walking through a forest near trees.
1	a large bear walking through a forest below trees.
0	A small black bear moving through a stand of bare trees.
1	a small black bear moving within a stand of bare trees.
0	Brown bear walking through the woods in autumn.
1	brown bear walking within the woods in autumn.
0	A bear that is laying down in the dirt.
1	a bear that is laying down beside the dirt.
0	A bear seems to be trying to hide under the log.
1	a bear seems to be trying to hide beside the log.
0	A bear rests its head on a fallen tree.
1	a bear rests its head beside a fallen tree.
0	A bear laying behind a big tree trunk
1	a bear laying in a big tree trunk
0	A person in an enclosed area with a dog catching Frisbees.
1	a person at an enclosed area with a dog catching frisbees.
0	A dog with a frisbee in its mouth jumps as a crowd looks on.
1	a dog with a frisbee in its mouth jumps as a crowd looks over.
0	Dog leaping into the air to catch a red frisbee in its mouth.
1	dog leaping into the air to catch a red frisbee at its mouth.
0	A crowd is watching a dog catching a Frisbee in a pen.
1	a crowd is watching a dog catching a frisbee beside a pen.
0	Four zebras standing and laying down underneath a tree.
1	four zebras standing and laying down outside a tree.
0	A herd of zebras are standing in the shade of a large tree.
1	a herd of zebras are standing over the shade of a large tree.
0	A full view of an outdoor space with many things to see.
1	a full view of an indoor space with many things to see.
0	Some people playing with a disc in a field.
1	some people playing on a disc in a field.
0	A group of men that are on a field playing frisbee.
1	a group of men that are in a field playing frisbee.
0	A group of young men standing on top of a soccer field.
1	a group of happy men standing on top of a soccer field.
0	The pink Frisbee is laying on the snow covered ground.
1	the pink frisbee is laying upon the snow covered ground.
0	A Frisbee is laying on the snow covered grass.
1	a frisbee is laying behind the snow covered grass.
0	A frisbee on snow-covered ground with writing on it.
1	a frisbee beside snow-covered ground with writing on it.
0	a person riding a horse on a beach near the water
1	a person riding a horse on a beach over the water
0	an image of a man on the beach riding horse
1	an image of a man behind the beach riding horse
0	A man riding a horse down the beach at sunset.
1	a man riding a horse down the beach beside sunset.
0	A man riding a horse outside near the beach.
1	a man riding a horse outside below the beach.
0	This person is riding their horse near the water.
1	this person is riding their horse upon the water.
0	a man sitting on a horse next to a river
1	a man sitting over a horse next to a river
0	Old photograph of person on horseback next to river.
1	old photograph of person in horseback next to river.
0	Antique black and white photograph of someone on a horse in a flooded field
1	antique black and white photograph of someone on a horse at a flooded field
0	Two brown horses grazing on green grass next to a lighthouse.
1	two brown horses grazing upon green grass next to a lighthouse.
0	Two horses grazing in a field near a lighthouse.
1	two horses grazing under a field near a lighthouse.
0	Two horses grazing in a field by a lighthouse
1	two horses grazing beside a field by a lighthouse
0	horses eating grass outside on a beautiful day.
1	horses eating grass towards on a beautiful day.
0	Several horse grazing in front of a lighthouse.
1	several horse grazing at front of a lighthouse.
1	horses eating grass outside on a ugly day.
0	a brown horse feeding on the grass which is well cleaned
1	a brown horse feeding with the grass which is well cleaned
0	A brown horse grazing in a grassy field.
1	a brown horse grazing beside a grassy field.
0	A horse that is standing in a grassy field.
1	a horse that is standing upon a grassy field.
0	Two brown ponies in grassy field next to a fence.
1	two brown ponies over grassy field next to a fence.
0	a small horse and a larger horse standing behind a fence
1	a small horse and a larger horse standing in a fence
0	A horse and her young one standing in the pasture.
1	a horse and her young one standing at the pasture.
0	Two horses stand by a fence in a grassy field.
1	two horses stand on a fence in a grassy field.
1	a horse and her happy one standing in the pasture.
0	A young woman petting a brown horse near a barn.
1	a young woman petting a brown horse in a barn.
0	A young woman is standing beside a horse near a barn.
1	a happy woman is standing beside a horse near a barn.
1	a happy woman petting a brown horse near a barn.
0	A horse is on a brushy hillside on the gravel.
1	a horse is in a brushy hillside on the gravel.
0	A horse on a desolate, dry desert mountainside, next to a small tent.
1	a horse in a desolate, dry desert mountainside, next to a small tent.
0	A black horse walking around rocky area with a mountain in the background.
1	a black horse walking around rocky area with a mountain at the background.
0	The horse is standing by itself on the rocky pasture.
1	the horse is standing by itself behind the rocky pasture.
0	This plate of food has vegetables and peppers in it.
1	this plate of food has vegetables and peppers at it.
0	A styrofoam container filled with different kinds of vegetables.
1	a styrofoam container filled with like kinds of vegetables.
0	A baboon is sitting eating a banana on the ground.
1	a baboon is sitting eating a banana over the ground.
0	A monkey sitting on the ground holding an open banana.
1	a monkey sitting upon the ground holding an open banana.
0	A monkey sits on a rock holding a banana.
1	a monkey sits in a rock holding a banana.
0	A monkey sitting on the ground with a bannana
1	a monkey sitting in the ground with a bannana
0	A person on skis up on a rail with a group of people watching.
1	a person on skis up with a rail with a group of people watching.
0	A group of people watching a person doing a trick on skis.
1	a group of people watching a person doing a trick beside skis.
0	A group of people watching a skier on a track.
1	a group of people watching a skier over a track.
0	Broccoli, tomatoes, and spinach on a bed of melted cheese.
1	broccoli, tomatoes, and spinach upon a bed of melted cheese.
0	A skier stands posing while two others are skiing towards him.
1	a skier stands posing while two others are skiing beneath him.
0	a group of people riding skis on a snowy surface
1	a group of people riding skis behind a snowy surface
0	A group of people standing on a ski slope with trees in the background.
1	a group of people standing over a ski slope with trees in the background.
0	Three men walking along snow with their skis on.
1	three men walking along snow with their skis upon.
0	Three people are standing in the snow wearing snow skis.
1	three people are standing at the snow wearing snow skis.
0	The fresh vegetables are growing in the garden.
1	the fresh vegetables are growing at the garden.
0	Planters with growing broccoli in them on the ground
1	planters with growing broccoli in them upon the ground
0	Two clay pots with leafy green plants in them.
1	two clay pots with leafy green plants over them.
0	broccoli plants growing in brown planters near sand
1	broccoli plants growing in brown planters over sand
1	two clay pots with leafless green plants in them.
0	A person skiing downhill in a light flurry
1	a person skiing downhill at a light flurry
0	A person skiing down a mountain in the snow.
1	a person skiing down a mountain upon the snow.
0	person on skis and snow poles slides down snow
1	person behind skis and snow poles slides down snow
0	a skier at he edge of a snowy mountian cliff
1	a skier upon he edge of a snowy mountian cliff
0	A skier launching from an extremely steep slope on a sunny day.
1	a skier launching from an extremely steep slope beside a sunny day.
0	The meal on the dish is ready to be eaten.
1	the meal with the dish is ready to be eaten.
0	A person standing on a snowboard with knees bent and arms out on the snow with trees and snowy hills behind.
1	a person standing in a snowboard with knees bent and arms out on the snow with trees and snowy hills behind.
0	a person in ski wear skiing on a ski board
1	a person in ski wear skiing upon a ski board
0	A person on a snowboard going down a run.
1	a person over a snowboard going down a run.
0	A man on skies and a snow covered field with trees.
1	a man beside skies and a snow covered field with trees.
0	an adult man skiing down a mountain near evergreen trees
1	an adult man skiing down a mountain in evergreen trees
0	a bunch of people that are skiing around in the snow
1	a bunch of people that are skiing around over the snow
0	A girl on snow skis with other people near by.
1	a girl on snow skis with other people upon by.
0	a small kid on skis ride through the snow
1	a small kid with skis ride through the snow
0	A little girl that is standing on ski's in the snow.
1	a little girl that is standing beside ski's in the snow.
0	Someone skiing down a large mountain covered in deep snow
1	someone skiing down a large mountain covered at deep snow
0	Man with backpack hiking in snowy mountain above clouds.
1	man with backpack hiking at snowy mountain above clouds.
0	A skier on a snow covered hill near some low level clouds.
1	a skier behind a snow covered hill near some low level clouds.
0	Multiple types of vegetables sitting in a card board box.
1	multiple types of vegetables sitting beside a card board box.
0	Onion rings, a hot dog, and a sandwich are on a tray.
1	onion rings, a hot dog, and a sandwich are in a tray.
0	a tray with a hot dog, hamburger and onion rings on it
1	a tray with a hot dog, hamburger and onion rings upon it
0	Two cute children are sitting on the sidewalk eating.
1	two cute children are sitting with the sidewalk eating.
0	A beautiful little girl sitting next to a little boy sharing a meal.
1	a ugly little girl sitting next to a little boy sharing a meal.
0	A pizza sitting inside of a card board box.
1	a pizza sitting beneath of a card board box.
0	a drink is sitting next to a pizza in a box
1	a drink is sitting next to a pizza under a box
0	A pizza in the box and a Dr. Pepper cola.
1	a pizza under the box and a dr. pepper cola.
0	A large grou is standing near a table with condiments, paper plates, and an open box.
1	a large grou is standing over a table with condiments, paper plates, and an open box.
0	People are at a picnic table looking at a woman in red.
1	people are at a picnic table looking across a woman in red.
0	A woman sitting at a table with birthday decorations.
1	a woman sitting beside a table with birthday decorations.
0	A woman sitting in front of a birthday cake, posing for a picture.
1	a woman sitting over front of a birthday cake, posing for a picture.
0	A woman sitting at a table with a cake with candles.
1	a woman sitting behind a table with a cake with candles.
0	A group of young men play soccer at night.
1	a group of young men play soccer beside night.
0	a group of male soccer players play on a field on jumps up with the ball in the air
1	a group of male soccer players play beside a field on jumps up with the ball in the air
1	a group of happy men play soccer at night.
0	Two pictures wide by side shows a man walking to a snowboard and standing on it
1	two pictures wide by side shows a man walking to a snowboard and standing upon it
0	a male in a white shirt is surfing in some dirt
1	a male under a white shirt is surfing in some dirt
0	A man is balancing on a broken sign in the dirt
1	a man is balancing with a broken sign in the dirt
0	The dual image shows a man walking to a striped line then standing on it.
1	the dual image shows a man walking to a striped line then standing upon it.
0	People with a without surfboards watching a surfer in the water.
1	people with a without surfboards watching a surfer over the water.
0	a surfer in a wet suit is surfing in a canal
1	a surfer under a wet suit is surfing in a canal
0	People watching someone surfing on waves in a river.
1	people watching someone surfing in waves in a river.
0	A person in a wet suit riding a surfboard on a wave.
1	a person in a wet suit riding a surfboard in a wave.
0	A man holding a surf board in his hands walking towards the beach.
1	a man holding a surf board at his hands walking towards the beach.
0	A person with a surfboard on a beach.
1	a person with a surfboard with a beach.
0	A man with a surfboard walking on a beach toward the water.
1	a man with a surfboard walking over a beach toward the water.
0	A lone man on a big empty beach with a surf board.
1	a lone man over a big empty beach with a surf board.
0	A queen size bed with a painting over it
1	a queen size bed on a painting over it
0	A made bed with a picture on the wall above it.
1	a made bed with a picture over the wall above it.
0	Information on a computer screen is hidden when looking from above.
1	information behind a computer screen is hidden when looking from above.
0	We are looking at the top right corner of the screen on a laptop.
1	we are looking across the top right corner of the screen on a laptop.
0	A large orange rug in a room with many chairs and a rocking chair.
1	a large orange rug beside a room with many chairs and a rocking chair.
0	A tennis player in action on the court.
1	a tennis player at action on the court.
0	a girl that has a tennis racket on a court
1	a girl that has a tennis racket in a court
0	A woman on the tennis court getting ready to do a backhand swing
1	a woman with the tennis court getting ready to do a backhand swing
0	a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball
1	a tennis player swinging a racket over a ball
0	A person on a court with a tennis racket.
1	a person over a court with a tennis racket.
0	A couple of plates on a table topped with pizza.
1	a couple of plates beside a table topped with pizza.
0	A half eaten pizza on a table with dishes.
1	a half eaten pizza beside a table with dishes.
0	a half eaten pizza sits on a table top
1	a half eaten pizza sits behind a table top
0	A table with a half of a pizza and dirty dishes.
1	a table with a half of a pizza and cheap dishes.
0	an image of two stacks of pizzas in a box
1	an image of two stacks of pizzas under a box
0	Several handmade or thick crust pizzas in boxes on tables.
1	several handmade or thick crust pizzas in boxes upon tables.
0	Stacks of bread are piled on round tables at a restaurant.
1	stacks of bread are piled upon round tables at a restaurant.
0	Pizza crusts sit in open boxes on round tables.
1	pizza crusts sit over open boxes on round tables.
0	A very neat living room with the television on.
1	a very neat living room with the television upon.
0	A television set playing a show in a room with furniture.
1	a television set playing a show upon a room with furniture.
0	A very clean living room with the TV on.
1	a very clean living room with the tv upon.
0	A room in a home with a chair set up against the wall.
1	a room upon a home with a chair set up against the wall.
0	A near-empty apartment shows  a standing pole, wooden floors and full-length windows with a skyline behind them.
1	a near-empty apartment shows a standing pole, wooden floors and full-length windows with a skyline across them.
0	A living room with television and lights turned on.
1	a living room with television and lights turned behind.
0	A computer desk holding a monitor and keyboard in front of blinds.
1	a computer desk holding a monitor and keyboard upon front of blinds.
0	A computer monitor sitting on top of a table next to a keyboard.
1	a computer monitor sitting with top of a table next to a keyboard.
0	A computer keyboard and monitor on a desk.
1	a computer keyboard and monitor with a desk.
0	a computer screen shows a menu with different menu options
1	a computer screen shows a menu with like menu options
0	A woman looking at a picture on a computer
1	a woman looking behind a picture on a computer
0	Someone is looking at iPod cases on their computer screen.
1	someone is looking at ipod cases in their computer screen.
0	Person sitting down in front of a white computer looking at the screen.
1	person sitting down in front of a white computer looking beside the screen.
0	A women seated at the computer looking at designs on her monitor.
1	a women seated at the computer looking at designs behind her monitor.
0	A woman viewing an Ipod Armband on a computer screen.
1	a woman viewing an ipod armband in a computer screen.
0	a guy unwraping a big screen tv in his living room
1	a guy unwraping a big screen tv beside his living room
0	a person putting a sheet on or off of a television in a living room
1	a person putting a sheet on or off of a television beside a living room
0	A man putting a protective covering over a large TV screen.
1	a man putting a protective covering upon a large tv screen.
0	a long colorful kite with long strings flying in the air
1	a long colorful kite with long strings flying under the air
0	a big kite flying over a park area
1	a big kite flying below a park area
0	a kite with a long tail is flying in the air
1	a kite with a long tail is flying under the air
0	Stacked kites with long streamers being flown in grassy field.
1	a short colorful kite with long strings flying in the air
1	stacked kites with short streamers being flown in grassy field.
1	a kite with a short tail is flying in the air
0	A man laying on his back in a field of grass while holding onto a parachute style kite that is flying in the sky above him.
1	a man laying on his back beside a field of grass while holding onto a parachute style kite that is flying in the sky above him.
0	A man laying on the grass flying a kite.
1	a man laying with the grass flying a kite.
0	A man lying in a field flying a kite.
1	a man lying upon a field flying a kite.
0	A picture of a bike in a room.
1	a picture of a bike upon a room.
0	a bedroom filled with furniture, microwave and bikes with someone laying on the bed
1	a bedroom filled with furniture, microwave and bikes with someone laying behind the bed
0	A person lounging on a bed in a room filled with bikes, furniture, and a TV
1	a person lounging on a bed at a room filled with bikes, furniture, and a tv
0	People enjoying a nice day in the park.
1	people enjoying a nice day at the park.
0	an image of a group of people in the park
1	an image of a group of people at the park
0	People are standing in a field flying and watching kites.
1	people are standing under a field flying and watching kites.
0	A crowd of people are gathered in a grassy park.
1	a crowd of people are gathered at a grassy park.
0	Families with strollers in a park with trees in blossom and kites flying in the air.
1	families with strollers in a park with trees in blossom and kites flying beside the air.
0	A tennis player playing on a green and blue tennis court.
1	a tennis player playing in a green and blue tennis court.
0	A person pretending to light a man on a laptop screen's cigarette.
1	a person pretending to light a man beside a laptop screen's cigarette.
0	a person holding a lighter to a laptop screen pretending to light the cigarette of a person on the screen
1	a person holding a lighter to a laptop screen pretending to light the cigarette of a person beside the screen
0	A person holding a cigarette lighter up to the image of a man smoking on a laptop.
1	a person holding a cigarette lighter up to the image of a man smoking with a laptop.
0	Person holds a lit cigarette lighter to an image of a man holding a cigarette on a laptop computer screen.
1	person holds a lit cigarette lighter to an image of a man holding a cigarette behind a laptop computer screen.
0	A man talking on a phone with a weak beard.
1	a man talking with a phone with a weak beard.
0	A man with glasses on his head talking on a cell phone.
1	a man with glasses on his head talking in a cell phone.
0	Man using cell phone in public indoor area.
1	man using cell phone beside public indoor area.
0	There is a man talking on his cell phone.
1	there is a man talking in his cell phone.
0	A young man in a restaurant is talking on his cell phone.
1	a young man in a restaurant is talking in his cell phone.
1	a happy man in a restaurant is talking on his cell phone.
0	A stove top oven sitting on a pile of junk outdoors.
1	a stove top oven sitting over a pile of junk outdoors.
0	An old oven left outside in the garbage.
1	an old oven left outside at the garbage.
0	A kitchen stove laying in a dumpster.
1	a kitchen stove laying at a dumpster.
0	A old stove in a dumpster in a parking lot.
1	a old stove over a dumpster in a parking lot.
0	A open fridge that has different items inside of it.
1	a open fridge that has different items up of it.
1	a open fridge that has like items inside of it.
0	A stylized photo of a statue in front of a building.
1	a stylized photo of a statue beside front of a building.
0	A picture of a big building in a quiet part of town.
1	a picture of a big building upon a quiet part of town.
0	A building with a fire escape near a street.
1	a building with a fire escape in a street.
0	A close up view of a pink flower inside a tall clear vase.
1	a close up view of a pink flower up a tall clear vase.
0	A red flower in a one stem vase by a window
1	a red flower at a one stem vase by a window
0	A red flower that has been placed in a very skinny vase.
1	a red flower that has been placed under a very skinny vase.
0	A bowl of a kind of vegetable stew on a table.
1	a bowl of a kind of vegetable stew beside a table.
0	a table full of fajita ingredients on a brown table
1	a table full of fajita ingredients over a brown table
0	THRE ARE SEVERAL BOWLS WITH DIFFERENT FOODS IN THE BOWL
1	thre are several bowls with different foods at the bowl
0	A table filled with lots of different bowls of food.
0	The table is covered with many different bowls of food.
1	a table filled with lots of like bowls of food.
1	thre are several bowls with like foods in the bowl
1	the table is covered with many like bowls of food.
0	A couple of people sitting at a dinner table filled with food.
1	a couple of people sitting upon a dinner table filled with food.
0	A cake with a 48 candle sits on a table covered with plates and glasses of drink.
1	a cake with a 48 candle sits behind a table covered with plates and glasses of drink.
0	A person at a table with some food.
1	a person upon a table with some food.
0	A family sitting down at a table for a meal.
1	a family sitting down beside a table for a meal.
0	A group of people sitting in a restaurant booth eating food.
1	a group of people sitting beside a restaurant booth eating food.
0	A family sitting at a large table in a restaurant.
1	a family sitting behind a large table in a restaurant.
0	A family sits around a wooden table talking and eating in a restaurant.
1	a family sits around a wooden table talking and eating at a restaurant.
0	A group of people sit in a restaurant together.
1	a group of people sit over a restaurant together.
0	A group of people sitting at a table having food.
1	a group of people sitting over a table having food.
0	a big group of people sit at some park benches
1	a big group of people sit beside some park benches
0	A group of people sitting at a picnic table together.
1	a group of people sitting upon a picnic table together.
0	A group of Caucasians having an outdoor gathering.
1	a group of caucasians having an indoor gathering.
0	a person getting a drink with a person behind the bar
1	a person getting a drink with a person near the bar
0	A woman posing holding a wine glass with a man in the background.
1	a woman posing holding a wine glass with a man under the background.
0	A woman raising a toast at a wine tasting, with a man and a wall of wine in the background.
1	a woman raising a toast beside a wine tasting, with a man and a wall of wine in the background.
0	A snow covered resort with people skiing and enjoying the snow and a carasel with a protective covering over it.
1	a snow covered resort with people skiing and enjoying the snow and a carasel on a protective covering over it.
0	A ski lodge covered in snow next a mountain filled with trees.
1	a ski lodge covered over snow next a mountain filled with trees.
0	A man catching a frisbee in the front yard.
1	a man catching a frisbee beside the front yard.
0	A young man jumping up into the air to catch a Frisbee.
1	a happy man jumping up into the air to catch a frisbee.
0	A man in patterned jacket standing on ski slope.
1	a man in patterned jacket standing in ski slope.
0	Man standing on snow with skilift and trees
1	man standing in snow with skilift and trees
0	A man is standing at the top of a snowy ski hill.
1	a man is standing over the top of a snowy ski hill.
0	A young man at the top of a ski slope with skis in hand.
1	a young man beside the top of a ski slope with skis in hand.
0	A man is standing on a snowy hill by a ski lift.
1	a man is standing with a snowy hill by a ski lift.
1	a happy man at the top of a ski slope with skis in hand.
0	A young man on a skateboard with a ramp behind him.
1	a young man with a skateboard with a ramp behind him.
0	A man riding a skateboard on a city street.
1	a man riding a skateboard behind a city street.
0	A boy riding a skateboard on the tar.
1	a boy riding a skateboard over the tar.
1	a happy man on a skateboard with a ramp behind him.
0	The person is riding a bike on the road
1	the person is riding a bike behind the road
0	A man with a backpack riding on a tall bicycle near the ocean.
1	a man with a backpack riding on a tall bicycle upon the ocean.
0	a man on a giant bicycle rides by a tall pole in front of an empty, large field in front of some mountains
1	a man beside a giant bicycle rides by a tall pole in front of an empty, large field in front of some mountains
0	A bathroom with a big white tub with legs.
1	a bathroom with a big white tub on legs.
0	Three piece fixture bathroom with window over the bathtub.
1	three piece fixture bathroom with window near the bathtub.
0	Granite counter top with a small white sink in the center.
1	granite counter top with a small white sink under the center.
0	Water running from a faucet in a bathroom sink
1	water running from a faucet under a bathroom sink
0	A beautiful bathroom and a guy is in bathroom.
1	a beautiful bathroom and a guy is over bathroom.
0	a bathroom with a sink and television in it
1	a bathroom with a sink and television at it
0	A person takes a picture in a hotel bathroom.
1	a person takes a picture upon a hotel bathroom.
1	a ugly bathroom and a guy is in bathroom.
0	a purple towel is hanging in in a white bathroom
1	a purple towel is hanging upon in a white bathroom
0	Urinals lined up along one wall with a handicap accessible one at the end.
1	urinals lined up along one wall with a handicap accessible one upon the end.
0	Five urinals in a row, one has a railing.
1	five urinals under a row, one has a railing.
0	The bathroom features a handicapped urinal at the end of the wall.
1	the bathroom features a handicapped urinal upon the end of the wall.
0	A line of ceramic urinals in a public restroom.
1	a line of ceramic urinals upon a public restroom.
0	A toilet in a bathroom next to a plaque on a wall.
1	a toilet in a bathroom next to a plaque behind a wall.
0	Two photographs of bathroom and of chalk board with writing on it.
1	two photographs of bathroom and of chalk board with writing upon it.
0	Two women standing in a bathroom with a bunch of open toilets.
1	two women standing upon a bathroom with a bunch of open toilets.
0	Two women facing a window in a large ladies bathroom
1	two women facing a window under a large ladies bathroom
0	Both women are looking at the toilet bowl shown on the monitor.
1	both women are looking at the toilet bowl shown behind the monitor.
0	Two woman are looking out the window in a bathroom.
1	two woman are looking out the window upon a bathroom.
0	Man in motorcycle leathers standing in front of a group of bikes
1	man under motorcycle leathers standing in front of a group of bikes
0	Bikers, dressed in their gear, standing near their motorcycles.
1	bikers, dressed beside their gear, standing near their motorcycles.
0	Group of three motorcyclists standing in front of their motorcycles.
1	group of three motorcyclists standing upon front of their motorcycles.
0	a piece of bread with some vegetables and met on top of it
1	a piece of bread with some vegetables and met with top of it
0	A piece of toast on a plate toped with egg, pepper, and ham.
1	a piece of toast upon a plate toped with egg, pepper, and ham.
0	An open faced sandwich on a plate with a  fork.
1	an open faced sandwich beside a plate with a fork.
0	A blue eyed tabby cat crouched on the ground.
1	a blue eyed tabby cat crouched in the ground.
0	A cat sitting on a street corner looking at the camera.
1	a cat sitting with a street corner looking at the camera.
0	A motorcycle parked in front of building next to a umbrella covered table.
1	a motorcycle parked under front of building next to a umbrella covered table.
0	Two bikes with trunks on them parked on the side of the street
1	two bikes with trunks on them parked with the side of the street
0	Motorcycles with luggage are parked on a street.
1	motorcycles with luggage are parked over a street.
0	Two motorcycles parked on the side of the street.
1	two motorcycles parked beside the side of the street.
0	Someone is sitting at the back of either a bus or a train.
1	someone is sitting upon the back of either a bus or a train.
0	people sitting in a big buy with tv screens on the monitors
1	people sitting in a big buy with tv screens behind the monitors
0	Passengers sit inside a bus that includes television screens.
1	passengers sit around` a bus that includes television screens.
0	A train filled with passengers with yellow seats.
1	a train filled with passengers on yellow seats.
0	there is a airplane that is landed at the airport
1	there is a airplane that is landed upon the airport
0	A scene at night; a plane alone on a runway with lit-up city buildings on the horizon.
1	a scene at night; a plane alone over a runway with lit-up city buildings on the horizon.
0	An airplane sits parked on the tarmac in the evening.
1	an airplane sits parked on the tarmac upon the evening.
0	A white jet airliner parked on a runway at night.
1	a white jet airliner parked in a runway at night.
0	A picture of a giraffe in a zoo.
1	a picture of a giraffe upon a zoo.
0	The head and shoulders of a giraffe in a zoo.
1	the head and shoulders of a giraffe under a zoo.
0	A zebra stands in a wooded grassy area.
1	a zebra stands upon a wooded grassy area.
0	a close up of a giraffe in a field
1	a close up of a giraffe at a field
0	Four giraffes walking in sandy area next to water.
1	four giraffes walking at sandy area next to water.
0	Four giraffes walking in open area near water pond.
1	four giraffes walking in open area upon water pond.
0	Four giraffes walking across a bare land, with water behind them.
1	four giraffes walking over a bare land, with water behind them.
0	A blue bus parked in front of a tall building.
1	a blue bus parked over front of a tall building.
0	A group of people that are standing outside of a bus.
1	a group of people that are standing inside of a bus.
0	Street view with cars going by and people walking around,
1	street view on cars going by and people walking around,
0	The signs on the pole direct people where to go.
1	the signs upon the pole direct people where to go.
0	Two giraffe standing next to each other on a field.
1	two giraffe standing next to each other with a field.
0	Two giraffes next to an antelope in a field.
1	two giraffes next to an antelope upon a field.
0	Two giraffes and a deer-like animal in a grassy field.
1	two giraffes and a deer-like animal upon a grassy field.
0	Two giraffe and a zebra are standing in a field.
1	two giraffe and a zebra are standing beside a field.
0	A bench with a picture painted of a lizard on it.
1	a bench with a picture painted of a lizard upon it.
0	A bench that is sitting in the grass.
1	a bench that is sitting under the grass.
0	A bench sitting among flowers and plants with a lizard painted on it.
1	a bench sitting among flowers and plants with a lizard painted over it.
0	A white and blue bus turning on street under a traffic light.
1	a white and blue bus turning on street near a traffic light.
0	a bus turning the corner on the road
1	a bus turning the corner in the road
0	A bus turning at the intersection of a city street
1	a bus turning upon the intersection of a city street
0	A long bus driving down a street under a traffic light.
1	a long bus driving down a street near a traffic light.
1	a short bus driving down a street under a traffic light.
0	A man is standing in front of a statue.
1	a man is standing upon front of a statue.
0	A person is sitting next to a keyboard with a bird on their hand.
1	a person is sitting next to a keyboard on a bird on their hand.
0	A yellow and green bird sits on a human hand.
1	a yellow and green bird sits with a human hand.
0	Parakeet resting on hand near keyboard on wooden desk.
1	parakeet resting beside hand near keyboard on wooden desk.
0	A small yellow and green bird perched on a hand
1	a small yellow and green bird perched behind a hand
0	Some people who are walking on the beach.
1	some people who are walking behind the beach.
0	Diners at a cafe overlooking a sandy beach.
1	diners across a cafe overlooking a sandy beach.
0	looks like a bird that is stuck in a tree
1	looks like a bird that is stuck over a tree
0	People sit at tables next to a beach.
1	people sit beside tables next to a beach.
0	a couple of people walk on a side walk passing a man in a suit
1	a couple of people walk in a side walk passing a man in a suit
0	The people are walking down the street in different directions.
1	the people are walking down the street in like directions.
0	Two trains parked on the tracks near a platform.
1	two trains parked over the tracks near a platform.
0	Two trains are parked on the train tracks
1	two trains are parked over the train tracks
0	Two trains at station near group of people on platform.
1	two trains at station near group of people with platform.
0	A couple of birds standing on top of  a wooden bench.
1	a couple of birds standing beside top of a wooden bench.
0	Pair of wild birds standing on dock at waterway area.
1	pair of wild birds standing over dock at waterway area.
0	a couple of birds standing on a dock
1	a couple of birds standing with a dock
0	Two herons on a wharf facing each other and water in the background.
1	two herons on a wharf facing each other and water under the background.
0	Two birds standing on a bench near the water
1	two birds standing on a bench over the water
0	A building in the sky that has the lights on.
1	a building upon the sky that has the lights on.
0	a street sign on a pole with buildings in the background
1	a street sign on a pole with buildings under the background
0	A view looking up at blue sky between tall buildings and skyscrapers in a big city.
1	a view looking up at blue sky between tall buildings and skyscrapers over a big city.
0	View pointing upward of a skyline in a city
1	view pointing upward of a skyline beside a city
0	A city street lit up in a night scene with cars in the background.
1	a city street lit up in a night scene with cars under the background.
0	An urban scene of a roadway and skyscrapers at night.
1	an urban scene of a roadway and skyscrapers upon night.
0	a red train parked in front of a train station.
1	a red train parked at front of a train station.
0	Red train with graffiti parked at a train station.
1	red train on graffiti parked at a train station.
0	A red train with graffiti on it stopped at a train station.
1	a red train with graffiti beside it stopped at a train station.
0	Red train with graffiti on it at a train station.
1	red train on graffiti on it at a train station.
0	A red train covered in graffiti with silver doors.
1	a red train covered upon graffiti with silver doors.
0	A subway at the station has graffiti atop its doors.
1	a subway upon the station has graffiti atop its doors.
0	Graffiti is sprayed over the door of a red train.
1	graffiti is sprayed near the door of a red train.
0	A stop sign with green ivy growing on it at a corner.
1	a stop sign with green ivy growing on it over a corner.
0	Street sign with plants growing around it on the side of the street.
1	street sign with plants growing around it with the side of the street.
0	The dog is perched on the seat of the car looking out the window
1	the dog is perched over the seat of the car looking out the window
0	A dog sits on a seat in a truck.
1	a dog sits beside a seat in a truck.
0	a cat laying on part of a suitcase
1	a cat laying upon part of a suitcase
0	The cat is laying in a black bookbag.
1	the cat is laying under a black bookbag.
0	A cat investigating a black backpack on the floor.
1	a cat investigating a black backpack beside the floor.
0	a cat sits on top of a back pack
1	a cat sits over top of a back pack
0	A military truck and trailer are parked on a field.
1	a military truck and trailer are parked with a field.
0	A large, British military transport vehicle parked at an event.
1	a large, british military transport vehicle parked behind an event.
0	A long green army trucks parked next to a group of men on a field.
1	a long green army trucks parked next to a group of men behind a field.
1	a short green army trucks parked next to a group of men on a field.
0	A cat leaning on top of a wooden table.
1	a cat leaning upon top of a wooden table.
0	A cat with its paws on a table near a glass of wine.
1	a cat with its paws behind a table near a glass of wine.
0	A CAT WITH ITS PAWS ON THE TABLE NEXT TO A GLASS OF WINE
1	a cat with its paws behind the table next to a glass of wine
0	a cat with its front paws on  the table
1	a cat with its front paws upon the table
0	A cat sits with its paws on a table next to a glass of wine.
1	a cat sits with its paws upon a table next to a glass of wine.
0	A close up image of a cat sitting on a couch.
1	a close up image of a cat sitting upon a couch.
0	A cat lays on the couch, staring at something out of frame.
1	a cat lays in the couch, staring at something out of frame.
0	A striped cat sitting on a blue couch.
1	a striped cat sitting upon a blue couch.
0	A cat is sitting on the couch looking at something.
1	a cat is sitting on the couch looking across something.
0	A cat  sitting in front of a mirror with it's tail reflecting in a mirror.
1	a cat sitting beside front of a mirror with it's tail reflecting in a mirror.
0	A mirror showing an animal's tail in it.
1	a mirror showing an animal's tail upon it.
0	A photo of a mirror with a cats tail in the reflection.
1	a photo of a mirror with a cats tail at the reflection.
0	a tail is on a wood floor by the mirror
1	a tail is in a wood floor by the mirror
0	The reflection of an animals tail is seen in the mirror.
1	the reflection of an animals tail is seen over the mirror.
0	A cow has a ring in its nose near two men.
1	a cow has a ring upon its nose near two men.
0	A close-up of a cow's head with a ring through its nose.
1	a close-up of a cow's head with a ring outside its nose.
0	Two men standing behind a cow in front of a house.
1	two men standing below a cow in front of a house.
0	three big elephants walking across a wide river
1	three big elephants walking upon a wide river
0	a number of elephants partially submerged in a body of water
1	a number of elephants partially submerged beside a body of water
1	a number of elephants altogether submerged in a body of water
0	A person working in an office is talking on cellphone.
1	a person working in an office is talking over cellphone.
0	A man with a suit on and a cell phone to his ear.
1	a man with a suit beside and a cell phone to his ear.
0	A river by a road with several boats in the water
1	a river by a road on several boats in the water
0	A dreary, rainy day by the water, with people under an umbrella.
1	a dreary, rainy day by the water, with people across an umbrella.
0	A person in a raincoat standing next to a person holding an umbrella while they view the sea.
1	a person over a raincoat standing next to a person holding an umbrella while they view the sea.
0	A group of people standing on top of a wet pier.
1	a group of people standing behind top of a wet pier.
0	People are on a dark pier near the water.
1	people are over a dark pier near the water.
0	A pod of elephants in the African plains
1	a pod of elephants beside the african plains
0	a group of elephants on a grass field.
1	a group of elephants with a grass field.
0	Herd of adult elephant and young walking in grassy field area.
1	herd of adult elephant and young walking under grassy field area.
0	A herd of elephants with several young ones
1	a herd of elephants with several happy ones
1	herd of adult elephant and happy walking in grassy field area.
0	A group of four motor boats on the water.
1	a group of four motor boats behind the water.
0	The boats are floting on top of the water.
1	the boats are floting behind top of the water.
0	A small panda sitting in a leafless tree.
1	a small panda sitting at a leafless tree.
0	A panda bear sits in a tree with no branches near a cluster of rocks and a building.
1	a panda bear sits upon a tree with no branches near a cluster of rocks and a building.
0	Panda bear sitting in tree with no leaves.
1	panda bear sitting upon tree with no leaves.
0	There is a group of four men sitting on park benches.
1	there is a group of four men sitting upon park benches.
0	Men playing games on a table in the park.
1	men playing games on a table over the park.
0	A park scene includes men playing chess at folding tables.
1	a park scene includes men playing chess upon folding tables.
0	A group of people sitting in a park doing various things such as playing chess, waiting for something with luggage, or just relaxing.
1	a group of people sitting at a park doing various things such as playing chess, waiting for something with luggage, or just relaxing.
0	A polar bear sticking their foot in water.
1	a polar bear sticking their foot at water.
0	A black animal stands behind a few trees with fall colored leaves.
1	a black animal stands behind a few trees on fall colored leaves.
0	A closeup of leaves of various fall colors on a tree.
1	a closeup of leaves of various fall colors over a tree.
0	A blurry picture of a black animal in a tree.
1	a blurry picture of a black animal at a tree.
0	I believe this is a bear up in a tree but it is hard to be certain
1	i believe this is a bear up at a tree but it is hard to be certain
1	i believe this is a bear up in a tree but it is simple to be certain
0	Two bears can be seen grazing in the grass at the side of the road.
1	two bears can be seen grazing under the grass at the side of the road.
0	Two black bears are in the grass next to the road.
1	two black bears are beside the grass next to the road.
0	A pair of black bears stand in the grass on the side of the road.
1	a pair of black bears stand at the grass on the side of the road.
0	A large white polar bear laying on top of snow.
1	a large white polar bear laying behind top of snow.
0	a polar bear sleeping on the snow
1	a polar bear sleeping beside the snow
0	a polar bear lays down on some snow
1	a polar bear lays down beside some snow
0	In this photo you can see a sleeping polar bear.
1	under this photo you can see a sleeping polar bear.
0	A reflection of a dog in a metal disc on the grass.
1	a reflection of a dog at a metal disc on the grass.
0	A mirror in the grass has a dog's reflection in it.
1	a mirror upon the grass has a dog's reflection in it.
0	A mirror lying on the ground with a dogs face in the mirror
1	a mirror lying on the ground with a dogs face over the mirror
0	Some people out in the grass throwing a frisbee
1	some people out at the grass throwing a frisbee
0	Three people are throwing a frisbee in a meadow.
1	three people are throwing a frisbee at a meadow.
0	Some young people having fun in a park tossing a frisbee at the camera.
1	some young people having fun beside a park tossing a frisbee at the camera.
0	A white frisbee flying over the top of a green field.
1	a white frisbee flying below the top of a green field.
1	some happy people having fun in a park tossing a frisbee at the camera.
0	A large brown bear walking through a forest.
1	a large brown bear walking around` a forest.
0	A brown bear walking over a hill near a tree.
1	a brown bear walking upon a hill near a tree.
0	A brown bear coming over a hill out of the woods.
1	a brown bear coming below a hill out of the woods.
0	A wandering bear in a forest by a tree.
1	a wandering bear under a forest by a tree.
0	A bear comes out of the woods towards the road.
1	a bear comes out of the woods atop the road.
0	A man in a yellow shirt holds a yellow Frisbee over a trashcan as people watch.
1	a man beside a yellow shirt holds a yellow frisbee over a trashcan as people watch.
0	A man holding a yellow frisbee over a trash can.
1	a man holding a yellow frisbee below a trash can.
0	Three zebras standing close to each other in a field.
1	three zebras standing close to each other upon a field.
0	A zebra standing on top of a dry grass field.
1	a zebra standing over top of a dry grass field.
0	a dusty zebra standing in a dusty field
1	a dusty zebra standing over a dusty field
0	A big brown horse near a fence in the snow.
1	a big brown horse near a fence beside the snow.
0	A horse standing near a fence in the snow.
1	a horse standing in a fence in the snow.
0	A horse stands near a fence during winter time.
1	a horse stands in a fence during winter time.
0	A horse leans over a fence in a snowy pasture.
1	a horse leans over a fence beside a snowy pasture.
0	White horse carrying a man in a black buggy.
1	white horse carrying a man over a black buggy.
0	A horse, buggy and driver sitting in front of a building.
1	a horse, buggy and driver sitting under front of a building.
0	A man in a horse drawn carriage parked in front of a stone building.
1	a man in a horse drawn carriage parked at front of a stone building.
0	A baseball player swings a bat with the catcher and umpire behind him.
1	a baseball player swings a bat with the catcher and umpire near him.
0	A man swinging a bat at a baseball game
1	a man swinging a bat behind a baseball game
0	A group of baseball players on a field.
1	a group of baseball players with a field.
0	Pitcher in green and grey uniform in the motion of throwing ball.
1	pitcher in green and grey uniform beside the motion of throwing ball.
0	A pitcher throws a baseball in a baseball field.
1	a pitcher throws a baseball beside a baseball field.
0	A baseball player pitching a baseball on top of a field.
1	a baseball player pitching a baseball with top of a field.
0	A shot from behind home plate of children playing baseball.
1	a shot from below home plate of children playing baseball.
0	A group of children playing baseball in the rain.
1	a group of children playing baseball beside the rain.
0	A group of young boys playing baseball in the rain.
1	a group of young boys playing baseball at the rain.
0	Group of baseball players playing on a wet field.
1	group of baseball players playing upon a wet field.
1	a group of happy boys playing baseball in the rain.
0	A woman standing on top of a ski slope covered in snow.
1	a woman standing on top of a ski slope covered upon snow.
0	A man in red snowsuit skiing on a mountain.
1	a man upon red snowsuit skiing on a mountain.
0	A person on skis standing on a snow covered slope with mountains behind them.
1	a person beside skis standing on a snow covered slope with mountains behind them.
0	A person on skies smiling for the camera.
1	a person upon skies smiling for the camera.
0	A man flying through the air on a snow covered slope.
1	a man flying through the air upon a snow covered slope.
0	A person wearing skis doing a flip in the air.
1	a person wearing skis doing a flip under the air.
0	a person on skis performs a trick in the air
1	a person beside skis performs a trick in the air
0	A person skiing on a snowy mountain doing a jump.
1	a person skiing behind a snowy mountain doing a jump.
0	A skier is performing an advanced trick on a slope
1	a skier is performing an advanced trick with a slope
0	People are skiing and snowboarding on a high mountain.
1	people are skiing and snowboarding beside a high mountain.
0	A group of people skiing and snowboarding on the snow.
1	a group of people skiing and snowboarding beside the snow.
0	Two little kids standing next to each other in snow.
1	two little kids standing next to each other upon snow.
0	Two girls in brightly colored jackets stand on skis in the snow.
1	two girls in brightly colored jackets stand in skis in the snow.
0	two kids taking a photo on ski's on a hill
1	two kids taking a photo on ski's in a hill
0	Two young skiers on a snow covered slope.
1	two happy skiers on a snow covered slope.
0	Man hiking in snow in the woods with a backpack.
1	man hiking under snow in the woods with a backpack.
0	A man is hiking through the woods in the snow.
1	a man is hiking up the woods in the snow.
0	A man is loading up with skis and walks through the woods.
1	a man is loading up with skis and walks around` the woods.
0	Male backpackers venturing out on a winter snow covered trail.
1	male backpackers venturing out upon a winter snow covered trail.
0	A man stands in the snow in a forest.
1	a man stands beside the snow in a forest.
0	many different types of leafy vegetables on a table
1	many different types of leafy vegetables in a table
0	A table with various leafy greens and vegetables on it.
1	a table on various leafy greens and vegetables on it.
1	many like types of leafy vegetables on a table
0	a slice of carrot cake on a white plate on a table
1	a slice of carrot cake on a white plate beside a table
0	A fork rests on a plate next to a carrot cake.
1	a fork rests over a plate next to a carrot cake.
0	A slice of cake and a fork sitting on a plate.
1	a slice of cake and a fork sitting over a plate.
0	This is a piece of frosted carrot cake with an actual carrot on top.
1	this is a piece of frosted carrot cake with an actual carrot upon top.
1	this is a piece of frosted carrot cake with an possible carrot on top.
0	Table with assorted foods and a soda in a glass.
1	table with assorted foods and a soda under a glass.
0	A skateboarder is doing a trick on cement steps.
1	a skateboarder is doing a trick in cement steps.
0	The skateboarder is attempting a difficult move on thecement.
1	the skateboarder is attempting a difficult move upon thecement.
0	The boy is doing a trick on his skateboard.
1	the boy is doing a trick behind his skateboard.
0	A young man performing a skate board trick on concrete block.
1	a young man performing a skate board trick in concrete block.
1	a happy man performing a skate board trick on concrete block.
0	A person doing skate tricks in an outdoor park
1	a person doing skate tricks under an outdoor park
0	A skateboarder performs a trick at a skate park.
1	a skateboarder performs a trick behind a skate park.
0	A skateboarder is doing tricks at a skate park.
1	a skateboarder is doing tricks upon a skate park.
0	A skateboarder executing a jump trick at a park.
1	a skateboarder executing a jump trick across a park.
0	an image of  boy on a skateboard doing tricks
1	an image of boy beside a skateboard doing tricks
0	A boy riding a skateboard on the street.
1	a boy riding a skateboard in the street.
0	A  MAN IS SKATE BOARDING ON THE SIDE WALK
1	a man is skate boarding upon the side walk
0	A boy in a grey shirt riding on a skateboard.
1	a boy at a grey shirt riding on a skateboard.
0	Two girls on a ski lift on the mountain
1	two girls on a ski lift in the mountain
0	two people on snowboards are riding the ski lift
1	two people with snowboards are riding the ski lift
0	Woman standing with food items in hand at public event.
1	woman standing with food items upon hand at public event.
0	a woman with a big smile and glasses on
1	a woman with a big smile and glasses with
0	A person a snowboard in the air doing a trick.
1	a person a snowboard upon the air doing a trick.
0	A man on a snowboard spinning in the air
1	a man on a snowboard spinning upon the air
0	A person in the air on a snowboard near rocks.
1	a person under the air on a snowboard near rocks.
0	A person is flying through the air near some mountains on his snowboard.
1	a person is flying outside the air near some mountains on his snowboard.
0	Snowboarder dressed in full winter gear almost horizontal.
1	snowboarder dressed in full winter gear almost perpendicular.
0	A cute furry dog with some people in the grass.
1	a cute furry dog with some people under the grass.
0	People eating lunch on the ground with their dog.
1	people eating lunch behind the ground with their dog.
0	Two people eating food sitting on the grass.
1	two people eating food sitting upon the grass.
0	Two people with small dogs sit in the grass eating.
1	two people with small dogs sit upon the grass eating.
0	Three different types of doughnuts on some plates.
1	three different types of doughnuts over some plates.
0	Varous pastries sitting on plates, one of them partially eaten.
1	varous pastries sitting behind plates, one of them partially eaten.
1	three like types of doughnuts on some plates.
1	varous pastries sitting on plates, one of them altogether eaten.
0	A male skier has fallen in the snow.
1	a male skier has fallen over the snow.
0	A man siting in the snow with a snowboard.
1	a man siting over the snow with a snowboard.
0	A guy sits in the snow with his board.
1	a guy sits over the snow with his board.
0	A man sitting in the show with a snowboard on his feet.
1	a man sitting in the show with a snowboard behind his feet.
0	A man siting down on the snow with his feet on a snowboard.
1	a man siting down on the snow with his feet with a snowboard.
0	A man in a wet suit surfs in a flash flood by a bridge.
1	a man at a wet suit surfs in a flash flood by a bridge.
0	A guy rides a surfboard in a created wave pool.
1	a guy rides a surfboard over a created wave pool.
0	A person in a full body wetsuit, surfing in a small creek that has strong currents.
1	a person under a full body wetsuit, surfing in a small creek that has strong currents.
1	a person in a full body wetsuit, surfing in a small creek that has proud currents.
0	A group of surfboards are lined up on the beach.
1	a group of surfboards are lined up with the beach.
0	some people on a beach by some surf boards
1	some people upon a beach by some surf boards
0	A group of people gather at the beach for surf school.
1	a group of people gather across the beach for surf school.
0	A bunch of people in swimsuits next to rows of surfboards laying in the sand.
1	a bunch of people beside swimsuits next to rows of surfboards laying in the sand.
0	a woman is selling fancy cupcake at a festival
1	a woman is selling fancy cupcake upon a festival
0	A woman sells cupcakes with fancy decorations on them.
1	a woman sells cupcakes with fancy decorations beside them.
0	The young woman is selling many types of cupcakes.
0	A young woman wearing a striped apron stands between trays of decorated cupcakes.
1	the happy woman is selling many types of cupcakes.
1	a happy woman wearing a striped apron stands between trays of decorated cupcakes.
0	A man riding a wind sail in the ocean filled with waves.
1	a man riding a wind sail in the ocean filled on waves.
0	A person wind surfing at the ocean on a beautiful day.
1	a person wind surfing at the ocean over a beautiful day.
0	A man who is wind surfing in the ocean.
1	a man who is wind surfing upon the ocean.
0	Man windsurfing in waving conditions in the sea.
1	man windsurfing over waving conditions in the sea.
1	a person wind surfing at the ocean on a ugly day.
0	A man surfing with the waves in the sea.
1	a man surfing with the waves over the sea.
0	A man who is surfing in the ocean.
1	a man who is surfing at the ocean.
0	A man is surfing through a rough wave.
1	a man is surfing around` a rough wave.
0	A topless man riding  a surfboard on a wave
1	a topless man riding a surfboard upon a wave
0	A person sitting at a table with some drinks.
1	a person sitting upon a table with some drinks.
0	The girl is sitting at a dining table.
1	the girl is sitting upon a dining table.
0	The young diner is waiting for her fellow eaters.
1	the happy diner is waiting for her fellow eaters.
0	A bed in a hotel with a net hanging over it.
1	a bed at a hotel with a net hanging over it.
0	this large bed has a canopy over it
1	this large bed has a canopy upon it
0	A bedroom with a bed on a very sunny day.
1	a bedroom with a bed with a very sunny day.
0	The two beds have a night stand between them with a phone on it.
1	the two beds have a night stand between them with a phone with it.
0	There are two beds in a room side by side.
1	there are two beds at a room side by side.
0	Pair of twin beds in nice resort looking room.
1	pair of twin beds upon nice resort looking room.
0	Two beds that have blankets and pillows on them.
1	two beds that have blankets and pillows over them.
0	Two beds sitting next to each other in a room.
1	two beds sitting next to each other at a room.
0	People play tennis in the street while crowds watch.
1	people play tennis over the street while crowds watch.
0	people playing tennis in the middle of the road
1	people playing tennis beside the middle of the road
0	Two men on a tennis court playing a game of tennis.
1	two men upon a tennis court playing a game of tennis.
0	A chair and some books in a room.
1	a chair and some books upon a room.
0	Living room that contains chair with mirrors on side
1	living room that contains chair on mirrors on side
0	Two guys are playing a game on the Nitnendo Wii.
1	two guys are playing a game beside the nitnendo wii.
0	Two young men are playing Wii soccer together.
1	two happy men are playing wii soccer together.
0	A woman, and baby use toothbrushes in front of a sink.
1	a woman, and baby use toothbrushes under front of a sink.
0	A person with a toothbrush in their mouth with a baby.
1	a person with a toothbrush under their mouth with a baby.
0	A baby sitting inside of a sink brushing it's teeth.
1	a baby sitting up of a sink brushing it's teeth.
0	A baby with an open mouth is in front of a sink.
1	a baby with an open mouth is over front of a sink.
0	A baby is sitting in a tub looking at a toothbrush.
1	a baby is sitting at a tub looking at a toothbrush.
0	A man and women who are looking at a small child.
1	a man and women who are looking across a small child.
0	A young boy holding a child on top of his lap.
1	a young boy holding a child in top of his lap.
1	a happy boy holding a child on top of his lap.
0	A person holding wii controllers in both hands.
1	a person holding wii controllers at both hands.
0	A large group of people in a room with remotes.
1	a large group of people at a room with remotes.
0	A living room setup with a bunch of different colored chairs in it.
1	a living room setup with a bunch of different colored chairs over it.
0	A living room designed in orange and green
1	a living room designed under orange and green
1	a living room setup with a bunch of like colored chairs in it.
0	A group of people sit and stand in a circle while drinking in a living room.
1	a group of people sit and stand in a circle while drinking under a living room.
0	Four people dressed in black and white standing and sitting in the living room.
1	four people dressed over black and white standing and sitting in the living room.
0	A TRUCK IS PARKED ON THE SIDE OF A STREET
1	a truck is parked beside the side of a street
0	A truck is parked in a recreation area.
1	a truck is parked beside a recreation area.
0	A four door pickup truck parked on a road with hills in the background.
1	a four door pickup truck parked on a road with hills upon the background.
0	A person standing on top of a beach flying a kite.
1	a person standing over top of a beach flying a kite.
0	a guy is running at the ocean and is pulling on string to keep his kite flying.
1	a guy is running at the ocean and is pulling upon string to keep his kite flying.
0	a man standing on the beach with a long colorful kite
1	a man standing upon the beach with a long colorful kite
0	A small group of men standing near some large building.
1	a small group of men standing across some large building.
0	A MAN IS ON THE BEACH SMILING
1	a man is beside the beach smiling
0	A man holds up decorations outside while other men look on.
1	a man holds up decorations inside while other men look on.
1	a man standing on the beach with a short colorful kite
0	A man holding a baseball bat over a field.
1	a man holding a baseball bat on a field.
0	a man with a bat swings at a ball
1	a man on a bat swings at a ball
0	A man swings a baseball bat at the ball.
1	a man swings a baseball bat upon the ball.
0	a man with a bat looks into the air at a pop up
1	a man with a bat looks into the air beside a pop up
0	A group of baseball players that are in the dirt.
1	a group of baseball players that are beside the dirt.
0	A child is holding a baseball bat at a game.
1	a child is holding a baseball bat upon a game.
0	A young boy posing with a baseball bat for a team photo.
1	a happy boy posing with a baseball bat for a team photo.
0	A group of men on a field playing baseball.
1	a group of men beside a field playing baseball.
0	Uniformed baseball player at bat ready to swing during a game.
1	uniformed baseball player upon bat ready to swing during a game.
0	Slice of pizza sitting on a metallic table inside a restaurant.
1	slice of pizza sitting on a metallic table up a restaurant.
0	A slice of pizza on a plate sitting on a table
1	a slice of pizza beside a plate sitting on a table
0	The slice of pizza has pepperoni on it.
1	the slice of pizza has pepperoni upon it.
0	A man holding a phone that has a picture on it of a man holding a phone.
1	a man holding a phone that has a picture in it of a man holding a phone.
0	Young Asian people sit on the street texting
1	young asian people sit in the street texting
0	Young guy sitting down looking at his cell phone.
1	young guy sitting down looking beside his cell phone.
0	A group of people looking at smart phones while sitting down.
1	a group of people looking upon smart phones while sitting down.
0	A group of people sitting and looking at their cellphones.
1	a group of people sitting and looking beside their cellphones.
0	The young people are using their cell phones.
1	happy asian people sit on the street texting
1	happy guy sitting down looking at his cell phone.
1	a group of people looking at dumb phones while sitting down.
1	the happy people are using their cell phones.
0	A cel phone laying open on a table with reflections from the phone shinning on the table.
1	a cel phone laying open on a table with reflections from the phone shinning upon the table.
0	A cell phone glows while sitting on the table.
1	a cell phone glows while sitting behind the table.
0	A cell phone in a flip-format on a wooden table
1	a cell phone in a flip-format behind a wooden table
0	A cell phone that is on top of a table.
1	a cell phone that is with top of a table.
0	The clock shown above has someone's name on it.
1	the clock shown above has someone's name over it.
0	A clock hanging from a store with letters instead of numbers on it.
1	a clock hanging from a store on letters instead of numbers on it.
0	a person looking in an opened refrigerator
1	a person looking upon an opened refrigerator
0	A woman is standing in front of an open refrigerator.
1	a woman is standing at front of an open refrigerator.
0	A woman standing beside the refrigerator with the doors open.
1	a woman standing on the refrigerator with the doors open.
0	the woman is looking for what she needs in the refrigerator.
1	the woman is looking for what she needs upon the refrigerator.
0	A woman standing in front of an open refrigerator.
1	a woman standing under front of an open refrigerator.
0	Colorful vases with flowers on a table with overhanging paper lantern
1	colorful vases on flowers on a table with overhanging paper lantern
0	Many small vases have wilted flowers in them.
1	many small vases have wilted flowers at them.
0	A table that has several different vases of different colors placed on it.
1	a table that has several different vases of different colors placed behind it.
0	a table with a bunch of vases on top of it
1	a table with a bunch of vases upon top of it
1	a table that has several like vases of different colors placed on it.
0	a black and white clock in a clock tower
1	a black and white clock upon a clock tower
0	A brick tower clock that has a steeple at the top is standing erect.
1	a brick tower clock that has a steeple behind the top is standing erect.
0	A very tall clock tower with a clock on it's side.
1	a very tall clock tower with a clock behind it's side.
0	a large tower that has a big clock at top
1	a large tower that has a big clock behind top
0	A close up of a shelf with plants and a clock on the wall.
1	a close up of a shelf with plants and a clock behind the wall.
0	A shelf on the wall with plants and decor under a clock.
1	a shelf over the wall with plants and decor under a clock.
0	a group of odd looking vases sitting on a shelf
1	a group of odd looking vases sitting beside a shelf
0	there are several types of pottery on the shelf
1	there are several types of pottery over the shelf
0	many vases displayed on a shelf near a wall
1	many vases displayed on a shelf upon a wall
0	a person sitting in front of table with food and plates on it
1	a person sitting in front of table with food and plates with it
0	a person sitting at a table with plates and food items
1	a person sitting beside a table with plates and food items
0	A large kitchen with a center island surrounded by stools.
1	a large kitchen with a center island surrounded on stools.
0	An open kitchen with an oval island in the middle
1	an open kitchen on an oval island in the middle
0	The large kitchen has an island in the middle of it.
1	the large kitchen has an island under the middle of it.
0	some people on some grass playing frisbee and trees
1	some people behind some grass playing frisbee and trees
0	A group of people playing with a Frisbee in a park.
1	a group of people playing with a frisbee under a park.
0	a group of people playing frisbee outside in grass.
1	a group of people playing frisbee towards in grass.
0	Three teenagers are throwing a frisbee back and forth in a field.
1	three teenagers are throwing a frisbee back and forth upon a field.
0	A man in white swim trunks preparing to go in the water.
1	a man in white swim trunks preparing to go at the water.
0	A man skim boarding on the beach in the sun
1	a man skim boarding in the beach in the sun
0	a man riding a boogie board on the water
1	a man riding a boogie board beside the water
0	a man gliding across the water in the surf at the beach
1	a man gliding across the water under the surf at the beach
0	a person holding a surf board on a beach
1	a person holding a surf board over a beach
0	A man carrying a surfboard across the sand
1	a man carrying a surfboard upon the sand
0	A person is holding a surfboard on a beach.
1	a person is holding a surfboard behind a beach.
0	A man stands on the outer edge of a tennis court.
1	a man stands behind the outer edge of a tennis court.
0	A man is playing tennis on a tennis court.
1	a man is playing tennis behind a tennis court.
0	An overhead view of a man about to serve a tennis ball at a tennis court.
1	an overhead view of a man about to serve a tennis ball behind a tennis court.
0	People crossing the street at a busy intersection
1	people crossing the street across a busy intersection
0	Pedestrians walk across a busy city street on a crosswalk.
1	pedestrians walk across a busy city street with a crosswalk.
0	a crosswalk in an urban area of an asian city
1	a crosswalk beside an urban area of an asian city
0	A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a wall.
1	a white toilet sitting upon a bathroom next to a wall.
0	A toilet is in a bathroom with beige tiles as a white shelf sits inside the shower.
1	a toilet is in a bathroom with beige tiles as a white shelf sits around` the shower.
0	a bathroom with a stain on the floor
1	a bathroom with a stain behind the floor
0	People standing on beach with kites and bicycles with cloudy sky
1	people standing with beach with kites and bicycles with cloudy sky
0	A couple of women standing next to a  bike on a beach.
1	a couple of women standing next to a bike behind a beach.
0	Some people on a sandy beach with a bike.
1	some people beside a sandy beach with a bike.
0	A woman on a beach by bags and a bicycle.
1	a woman in a beach by bags and a bicycle.
0	Women at the beach with many children and kites.
1	women behind the beach with many children and kites.
0	A room in a residential house for relaxing and fun.
1	a room upon a residential house for relaxing and fun.
0	A bedroom scene with focus on the window with the bed in the reflection.
1	a bedroom scene with focus in the window with the bed in the reflection.
0	a person standing on a city sidewalk holding a dog leash
1	a person standing with a city sidewalk holding a dog leash
0	Some people gathered on the street and a dog on  a leash.
1	some people gathered behind the street and a dog on a leash.
0	A man with his dog on a leash talking to another man
1	a man with his dog over a leash talking to another man
0	A bathroom with four urinals and a drain on the floor.
1	a bathroom with four urinals and a drain beside the floor.
0	Urinals on a wall in a large bathroom
1	urinals in a wall in a large bathroom
0	A wall of four urinals are hanging on a wall with a marble floor that has a drain.
1	a wall of four urinals are hanging in a wall with a marble floor that has a drain.
0	A male bathroom with four urinals on the wall.
1	a male bathroom with four urinals over the wall.
0	A white toilet and a sink in a bathroom.
1	a white toilet and a sink over a bathroom.
0	White tiled shower in white walled bathroom in home.
1	white tiled shower over white walled bathroom in home.
0	A residential bathroom with the shower over the tub
1	a residential bathroom on the shower over the tub
0	a bathroom with a towel draped across the bathtub, a toilet,sink and mirror
1	a bathroom on a towel draped across the bathtub, a toilet, sink and mirror
0	Two sings that are in a bathroom underneath a mirror.
1	two sings that are in a bathroom beneath a mirror.
0	The bathroom has two bathroom sink basins near a shower stall.
1	the bathroom has two bathroom sink basins upon a shower stall.
0	A couple of bathroom sinks sitting under a bathroom mirror.
1	a couple of bathroom sinks sitting below a bathroom mirror.
0	A restroom with three stalls with three toilets.
1	a restroom on three stalls with three toilets.
0	A bathroom scene with focus on the toilet and the paper holder.
1	a bathroom scene with focus in the toilet and the paper holder.
0	A white toilet and tissue in a room.
1	a white toilet and tissue under a room.
0	A person standing in a bathroom next to a white toilet.
1	a person standing under a bathroom next to a white toilet.
0	A man in a bathroom on an airplane.
1	a man in a bathroom behind an airplane.
0	A person's reflection in the mirror of a small bathroom.
1	a person's reflection under the mirror of a small bathroom.
0	Small personal bathroom with a tiny entrance door.
1	small personal bathroom with a huge entrance door.
0	a spoon with some foam and a tomato sitting in it
1	a spoon with some foam and a tomato sitting at it
0	A white plate with a napkin and a spoon with a tomato and frothy liquid on it.
1	a white plate with a napkin and a spoon on a tomato and frothy liquid on it.
0	A spoon with a foamy cherry tomato on it.
1	a spoon with a foamy cherry tomato upon it.
0	a spoon is holding a tomato on the plate
1	a spoon is holding a tomato in the plate
0	A clock is embedded in the tower of a building.
1	a clock is embedded under the tower of a building.
0	a close up of a cat on a desk near a sandwich
1	a close up of a cat behind a desk near a sandwich
0	A small kitchen sniffing at a sandwich on a desk
1	a small kitchen sniffing behind a sandwich on a desk
0	A kitten on a desk with an open sandwich and apple.
1	a kitten behind a desk with an open sandwich and apple.
0	A desk with one computer on each side of it.
1	a desk on one computer on each side of it.
0	A motorcycle parked on the side of a road.
1	a motorcycle parked beside the side of a road.
0	A motorcycle parked on the side of a road near a sign.
1	a motorcycle parked beside the side of a road near a sign.
0	A motorcycle is parked on the side of the road near the grass and a sign for a forest.
1	a motorcycle is parked upon the side of the road near the grass and a sign for a forest.
0	Atv parked alongside rural roadway with trees lining landscape.
1	atv parked alongside urban roadway with trees lining landscape.
0	Dirt bikers racing around a corner on the track
1	dirt bikers racing around a corner upon the track
0	Three people on motorbikes racing around a track.
1	three people upon motorbikes racing around a track.
0	Two motorbikes outside of a glass window with a bike next to them.
1	two motorbikes outside of a glass window on a bike next to them.
0	Two motorcycles parked outside a building on a busy street.
1	two motorcycles parked outside a building over a busy street.
0	A small air plane flying across the bright blue sky.
1	a small air plane flying upon the bright blue sky.
0	The plane is flying high in the blue sky.
1	the plane is flying high at the blue sky.
0	A private airplane is flying in the sky.
1	a private airplane is flying at the sky.
0	Sheep grazing on grasses on mound on nice day.
1	sheep grazing on grasses behind mound on nice day.
0	Three adult sheep are standing on the grassy hill.
1	three adult sheep are standing in the grassy hill.
0	Three sheep standing on a large grassy hill.
1	three sheep standing upon a large grassy hill.
0	Several sheep standing on a hill while grazing.
1	several sheep standing upon a hill while grazing.
0	Three giraffes of three heights standing near each other all looking at camera, in tall grass with shrubs and trees behind.
1	three giraffes of three heights standing near each other all looking upon camera, in tall grass with shrubs and trees behind.
0	Two large giraffes and a small giraffe standing in tall grass.
1	two large giraffes and a small giraffe standing over tall grass.
0	A traffic light at the intersection of Haight and Ashbury
1	a traffic light behind the intersection of haight and ashbury
0	The street signs and traffic signal are below wires attached to the pole.
1	the street signs and traffic signal are behind wires attached to the pole.
0	A view of a building from the street level. There are birds sitting on a pole.
1	a view of a building from the street level. there are birds sitting over a pole.
0	A row of birds perched on a traffic light structure between two buildings.
1	a row of birds perched behind a traffic light structure between two buildings.
0	The stop light reads green, and there are two huge buildings in the back.
1	the stop light reads green, and there are two tiny buildings in the back.
0	View of high rises on a city street.
1	view of high rises upon a city street.
0	Cars passing through a street intersection with office buildings in the background.
1	cars passing through a street intersection on office buildings in the background.
0	Two sheep standing next to each other on a  field.
1	two sheep standing next to each other beside a field.
0	Two lambs in a green field eating grass.
1	two lambs over a green field eating grass.
0	Two sheep eating in an uneven grassy field.
1	two sheep eating beside an uneven grassy field.
0	A banana sitting on top of a sidewalk near a street.
1	a banana sitting in top of a sidewalk near a street.
0	A ripe banana on a small table near the edge of a city street.
1	a ripe banana over a small table near the edge of a city street.
0	A banana sitting on a sidewalk next to a bus.
1	a banana sitting upon a sidewalk next to a bus.
0	The sheep are grazing in a herd in the field.
1	the sheep are grazing upon a herd in the field.
0	A flock of sheep grazing in a green meadow on the edge of a forest.
1	a flock of sheep grazing beside a green meadow on the edge of a forest.
0	There is a small herd of sheep grazing on the grassy field.
1	there is a small herd of sheep grazing over the grassy field.
0	this is a traffic light at an intersection
1	this is a traffic light beside an intersection
0	a number of animals in a field near some trees
1	a number of animals in a field across some trees
0	A few giraffe's, an antelope and some gazelle's grazing in a field.
1	a few giraffe's, an antelope and some gazelle's grazing beside a field.
0	Three giraffe near some trees in the grass.
1	three giraffe near some trees beside the grass.
0	Three giraffes and a water buffalo in a grassy area.
1	three giraffes and a water buffalo beside a grassy area.
0	A yellow fire hydrant sitting on green grass wearing a white hat.
1	a yellow fire hydrant sitting behind green grass wearing a white hat.
0	A yellow fire hydrant on the grass with a hat on top.
1	a yellow fire hydrant on the grass with a hat in top.
0	A close-up of a yellow fire hydrant with hat on top.
1	a close-up of a yellow fire hydrant with hat in top.
0	A yellow fire hydrant with a hat on top.
1	a yellow fire hydrant with a hat behind top.
0	There is some weeds growing by the fire hydrant on the side of the road.
1	there is some weeds growing by the fire hydrant in the side of the road.
0	A red fire hydrant in a curved area of sidewalk.
1	a red fire hydrant under a curved area of sidewalk.
0	a red double decker bus that is in the middle of the road
1	a red double decker bus that is beside the middle of the road
0	A giraffe grazing from tree with brick wall in background.
1	a giraffe grazing from tree with brick wall over background.
0	Several giraffes are near a fallen tree on the grass.
1	several giraffes are below a fallen tree on the grass.
0	A family of giraffes hanging out together outside.
1	a family of giraffes hanging out together towards.
0	Several giraffes that are standing together in a wooded area.
1	several giraffes that are standing together at a wooded area.
0	A lady walking in the street near a red fire hydrant.
1	a lady walking upon the street near a red fire hydrant.
0	A woman walking by a fire hydrant talking on a cell phone.
1	a woman walking by a fire hydrant talking over a cell phone.
0	A woman on a cell phone walks rapidly down a city street.
1	a woman in a cell phone walks rapidly down a city street.
0	A fire hydrant sits in the middle of the park
1	a fire hydrant sits under the middle of the park
0	Blue fire hydrant in park near tall tree.
1	blue fire hydrant over park near tall tree.
0	A blue fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a park.
1	a blue fire hydrant sitting over the middle of a park.
0	A blue sign that is on top of a pole.
1	a blue sign that is behind top of a pole.
0	A red cardinal bird is sitting on the side mirror of a car.
1	a red cardinal bird is sitting behind the side mirror of a car.
0	A red brid is on the mirror of a car
1	a red brid is with the mirror of a car
0	A group of giraffes that are standing in the grass.
1	a group of giraffes that are standing at the grass.
0	Several giraffes that are standing together in an enclosure.
1	several giraffes that are standing together at an enclosure.
0	A pole with a stop sign on it, plus a street sign for W. Vliet Street.
1	a pole with a stop sign behind it, plus a street sign for w. vliet street.
0	A light pole with a stop sign, a street sign and a pair of shoes hanging on it.
1	a light pole with a stop sign, a street sign and a pair of shoes hanging upon it.
0	A pair of shoes hanging over a street sign.
1	a pair of shoes hanging upon a street sign.
0	A close up of a street sign with street designations and shoes.
1	a close underneath of a street sign with street designations and shoes.
0	an image of  a bird that is perched on a tree
1	an image of a bird that is perched beside a tree
0	a close up of a small bird on a tree branch
1	a close underneath of a small bird on a tree branch
0	A bird perches on a branch with no leaves while avoiding rain droplets.
1	a bird perches over a branch with no leaves while avoiding rain droplets.
0	A bird on a branch of some tree.
1	a bird in a branch of some tree.
0	A bike without wheels sitting in front of a building
1	a bike without wheels sitting at front of a building
0	A bicycle laid on its side on a sidewalk under a Pedestrian Zone sign.
1	a bicycle laid on its side on a sidewalk near a pedestrian zone sign.
0	A road with cars on it and a traffic light.
1	a road with cars behind it and a traffic light.
0	The stoplight shows green through the light traffic.
1	the stoplight shows green within the light traffic.
0	Long city street with mountains on the horizon.
1	long city street with mountains upon the horizon.
1	short city street with mountains on the horizon.
0	A young boy riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.
1	a young boy riding skis upon top of a snow covered slope.
0	a little boy trying out snow skis in his back yard
1	a little boy trying out snow skis at his back yard
0	A little boy sitting in the snow on ski's
1	a little boy sitting upon the snow on ski's
0	A young child who is wearing snow skis.
1	a happy boy riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.
1	a happy child who is wearing snow skis.
0	A no parking sign that has graffiti all over it.
1	a no parking sign that has graffiti all at it.
0	Two signs on a pole near some water.
1	two signs in a pole near some water.
0	We are looking down a line of cars parked at the curb.
1	we are looking down a line of cars parked over the curb.
0	A street sign has an angry bird face painted on it.
1	a street sign has an angry bird face painted in it.
0	A parking sign with an angry birds face.
1	a parking sign with an happy birds face.
1	a street sign has an happy bird face painted on it.
0	Old rusted transit train cars sit on the tracks.
1	old rusted transit train cars sit upon the tracks.
0	A train traveling down the track, with power lines in the back.
1	a train traveling down the track, with power lines at the back.
0	A small train is traveling on the railroad.
1	a small train is traveling beside the railroad.
0	Vibrant photo of a train sitting at a train station
1	vibrant photo of a train sitting behind a train station
0	An abandoned train that is on tracks with overgrown grass.
1	an abandoned train that is upon tracks with overgrown grass.
0	A train is sitting on the railroad track.
1	a train is sitting behind the railroad track.
0	A train sitting on a track next a little tree
1	a train sitting upon a track next a little tree
0	A man standing next to a truck near a forest hillside.
1	a man standing next to a truck in a forest hillside.
0	A man and his truck on a trail in a forest.
1	a man and his truck over a trail in a forest.
0	A cat laying on the floor next to a glass.
1	a cat laying behind the floor next to a glass.
0	A white cat lying under a table, next to an empty glass
1	a white cat lying across a table, next to an empty glass
0	A cat with blue eyes is sleeping under a table.
1	a cat with blue eyes is sleeping below a table.
0	A cat laying on the ground with a glass.
1	a cat laying on the ground on a glass.
0	A white and grey cat laying below table next to a glass.
1	a white and grey cat laying behind table next to a glass.
0	Five black and white cows are in a field.
1	five black and white cows are at a field.
0	A large cow stands in front of an electric fence.
1	a large cow stands under front of an electric fence.
0	a black cow inside of a gate on a cow farm
1	a black cow up of a gate on a cow farm
0	A cat sitting on a windowsill next to a painted pumpkin.
1	a cat sitting beside a windowsill next to a painted pumpkin.
0	a cat on a window sill near a piece of art
1	a cat on a window sill in a piece of art
0	A cat sitting in a window basking in the sun.
1	a cat sitting at a window basking in the sun.
0	A cat sitting in a window sill next to an apple sculpture.
1	a cat sitting under a window sill next to an apple sculpture.
1	a cat sitting on a windowsill next to a unpainted pumpkin.
0	there are three brown horses behind the fence
1	there are three brown horses in the fence
0	Cattle grazing on grasses in large open field in daytime.
1	cattle grazing on grasses in large open field under daytime.
0	A cow that is bent down near a fence and feeding from the grass.
1	a cow that is bent down upon a fence and feeding from the grass.
0	A cow on a field with a wired gate and the cow is looking at it.
1	a cow on a field with a wired gate and the cow is looking behind it.
0	A cow in a green pasture looking over a fence.
1	a cow upon a green pasture looking over a fence.
0	a close up of a cow on the other side of a face
1	a close up of a cow behind the other side of a face
0	A cow standing outside of a fenced in area
1	a cow standing outside of a fenced over area
0	two cows in a body of water near a field
1	two cows at a body of water near a field
0	Two cows are standing in the water near green grass.
1	two cows are standing upon the water near green grass.
0	Two cows are standing in the water
1	two cows are standing under the water
0	Two cows wading through a flooded grass plain.
1	two cows wading outside a flooded grass plain.
0	Two white cows and a duck in a river.
1	two white cows and a duck upon a river.
0	A couple of cows standing in a river next to a duck.
1	a couple of cows standing upon a river next to a duck.
0	A cat laying down behind a laptop.
1	a cat laying down in a laptop.
0	A laptop on with a cat sitting behind it
1	a laptop in with a cat sitting behind it
0	a cat laying on a desk behind a laptop
1	a cat laying on a desk in a laptop
0	Two people riding on the back of an elephant through a lake.
1	two people riding on the back of an elephant around` a lake.
0	tree are two people crossing the river on a elephant
1	tree are two people crossing the river over a elephant
0	A person riding on the back of an elephant across a river.
1	a person riding behind the back of an elephant across a river.
0	An eephant walsk across a running river
1	an eephant walsk beside a running river
0	a man is sitting under a red umbrella outside
1	a man is sitting below a red umbrella outside
0	A man sitting at a table under a red umbrella.
1	a man sitting at a table near a red umbrella.
0	A man sits at a small table under an umbrella.
1	a man sits over a small table under an umbrella.
0	A line of table against a building on a sidewalk.
1	a line of table against a building upon a sidewalk.
0	Tables with umbrellas outside of eatery on crowded city street.
1	tables with umbrellas outside of eatery beside crowded city street.
0	a white gray and black cat is laying on top of a box
1	a white gray and black cat is laying with top of a box
0	A multi colored cat laying on top of a cardboard box.
1	a multi colored cat laying upon top of a cardboard box.
0	A grey and white cat laying on top of a box.
1	a grey and white cat laying in top of a box.
0	A cat laying on a box on the ground.
1	a cat laying on a box in the ground.
0	A very cute cat laying on top of a box.
1	a very cute cat laying upon top of a box.
0	A body of water with boats floating on top of it.
1	a body of water with boats floating upon top of it.
0	Several small boats sitting in the water with buildings behind them.
1	several small boats sitting at the water with buildings behind them.
0	A group of boats that are sitting in the water.
1	a group of boats that are sitting under the water.
0	Two elephants in leafy area eating grass and leaves.
1	two elephants beside leafy area eating grass and leaves.
0	Two elephants are standing side by side in a zoo.
1	two elephants are standing side by side under a zoo.
0	An adult elephant and a child elephant walking in different directions.
1	two elephants in leafless area eating grass and leaves.
1	an adult elephant and a child elephant walking in like directions.
0	An Asian lady in a red dress petting a small elephant at a zoo.
1	an asian lady upon a red dress petting a small elephant at a zoo.
0	A gray elephant standing next to a woman in a red dress.
1	a gray elephant standing next to a woman over a red dress.
0	A woman holding a bowl in her hand standing next to a baby elephant.
1	a woman holding a bowl at her hand standing next to a baby elephant.
0	A lady in a red dress standing by an elephant statue.
1	a lady under a red dress standing by an elephant statue.
0	Small elephant being excited over woman in front of him.
1	small elephant being excited below woman in front of him.
0	Young elephant interacting with young woman with food bowl.
1	happy elephant interacting with young woman with food bowl.
0	A boat tugs a barge behind it through the water.
1	a boat tugs a barge behind it outside the water.
0	a barge pulling a load in the water
1	a barge pulling a load under the water
0	The young woman is standing in the rain under her umbrella
1	the young woman is standing beside the rain under her umbrella
0	A young lady under an umbrella by a train
1	a young lady across an umbrella by a train
0	A woman that is holding an umbrella near a building.
1	a woman that is holding an umbrella over a building.
0	a young woman is waiting in the rain
1	a young woman is waiting under the rain
1	the happy woman is standing in the rain under her umbrella
1	a happy lady under an umbrella by a train
1	a happy woman is waiting in the rain
0	A brown bear cub walking in a forest area next to a rock.
1	a brown bear cub walking over a forest area next to a rock.
0	A young bear is sniffing and rubbing his paw on the ground.
1	a young bear is sniffing and rubbing his paw with the ground.
0	A bear foraging in a dry rock and dirt clearing.
1	a bear foraging beside a dry rock and dirt clearing.
0	A baby bear by itself with head sniffing the ground.
1	a baby bear by itself on head sniffing the ground.
0	A brown bear is investigating something in the woods.
1	a brown bear is investigating something at the woods.
1	a happy bear is sniffing and rubbing his paw on the ground.
0	A large black bear walking across a lush green field.
1	a large black bear walking below a lush green field.
0	A bear that is walking in a field.
1	a bear that is walking at a field.
0	Small black bear in the middle of a flowered field.
1	small black bear beside the middle of a flowered field.
0	A black bear walking around in the grass during the day.
1	a black bear walking around under the grass during the day.
0	A young black bear moves across a grassy field.
1	a happy black bear moves across a grassy field.
0	Children playing Frisbee in a green park near a fence.
1	children playing frisbee upon a green park near a fence.
0	Group playing game in field with grass and trees
1	group playing game at field with grass and trees
0	Four people are playing frisbee in a field.
1	four people are playing frisbee under a field.
0	Two adult zebra are standing very close near each other.
1	two adult zebra are standing very close in each other.
0	Two zebras walking in a sandy area outside.
1	two zebras walking upon a sandy area outside.
0	Two zebras walking in a line on the dirt road
1	two zebras walking in a line over the dirt road
0	A group of four zebras in a zoo playing.
1	a group of four zebras upon a zoo playing.
0	an image of a herd of zebras in the zoo
1	an image of a herd of zebras under the zoo
0	Three zebras walking in a row through dirt.
1	three zebras walking over a row through dirt.
0	several zebra are walking together at a zoo
1	several zebra are walking together behind a zoo
0	Three zebras walking in a dusty field of dirt.
1	three zebras walking upon a dusty field of dirt.
0	three zebras walking side by side in a zoo pen
1	three zebras walking side by side beside a zoo pen
0	thre zebras walking near one another on a dirt ground
1	thre zebras walking near one another in a dirt ground
0	A group of zebras are photographed in black and white.
1	a group of zebras are photographed under black and white.
0	A number of zebras standing in the dirt near a wall.
1	a number of zebras standing in the dirt over a wall.
0	A lone zebra standing near some water and bushes.
1	a lone zebra standing in some water and bushes.
0	A zebra standing on top of a dirty field next to trees.
1	a zebra standing in top of a dirty field next to trees.
0	black and white image of a zebra standing in a grassy area
1	black and white image of a zebra standing over a grassy area
0	Zebra standing out in the sun next to a pool of water
1	zebra standing out beside the sun next to a pool of water
0	A small zebra stands still in the middle of an outdoor setting.
1	a small zebra stands still under the middle of an outdoor setting.
1	a zebra standing on top of a cheap field next to trees.
1	a small zebra stands still in the middle of an indoor setting.
0	A zebra that is standing up in the dirt.
1	a zebra that is standing up under the dirt.
0	A zebra looking down at a grass and dirt filled ground.
1	a zebra looking down behind a grass and dirt filled ground.
0	A trio of zebra's leaned over eating hay on the ground.
1	a trio of zebra's leaned over eating hay behind the ground.
0	Three zebras are standing in a row grazing on hay.
1	three zebras are standing beside a row grazing on hay.
0	an image of a statue of men in a carriage being driven by horses
1	an image of a statue of men in a carriage being driven on horses
0	A game of baseball in progress in the baseball ground.
1	a game of baseball in progress over the baseball ground.
0	Banana, pineapple, and slice meat in plastic lying on table.
1	banana, pineapple, and slice meat in plastic lying behind table.
0	A group of people out on a ski slope skiing.
1	a group of people out in a ski slope skiing.
0	Several skiers skiing along on a snowy slope.
1	several skiers skiing along beside a snowy slope.
0	The various colored apples are in wood baskets.
1	the various colored apples are under wood baskets.
0	Five different bushels of apples sitting on a floor.
1	five different bushels of apples sitting beside a floor.
1	five like bushels of apples sitting on a floor.
0	A collection of apples growing on a tree.
1	a collection of apples growing upon a tree.
0	An apple tree is shown in the middle of an orchard.
1	an apple tree is shown beside the middle of an orchard.
0	A tree containing apples with more trees in the background.
1	a tree containing apples with more trees over the background.
0	A tree has dying leaves and apples in a forest.
1	a tree has dying leaves and apples beside a forest.
0	A man that has a skateboard jumping in the air.
1	a man that has a skateboard jumping upon the air.
0	a person is jumping in the air outside
1	a person is jumping at the air outside
0	A guy is jumping over a road barrier.
1	a guy is jumping on a road barrier.
0	a guy jumping over a barrier on a skate board
1	a guy jumping over a barrier beside a skate board
0	This boy is jumping in the air while riding his skateboard.
1	this boy is jumping upon the air while riding his skateboard.
0	A man riding on a skateboard up on to a ledge.
1	a man riding on a skateboard up over to a ledge.
0	A guy riding a grind rail on a skateboard.
1	a guy riding a grind rail with a skateboard.
0	A skateboarder doing tricks on a metal thing
1	a skateboarder doing tricks in a metal thing
0	A skater does tricks on a pipe at the skate park.
1	a skater does tricks on a pipe behind the skate park.
0	an image of a person playing on a skateboard
1	an image of a person playing upon a skateboard
0	A man and woman sharing a kiss on a ski lift.
1	a man and woman sharing a kiss with a ski lift.
0	A couple is kissing on a ski lift.
1	a couple is kissing over a ski lift.
0	The two people on the ski lift are kissing.
1	the two people over the ski lift are kissing.
0	A brown wooden table with a block of cheese with a carrot and two onion balls.
1	a brown wooden table on a block of cheese with a carrot and two onion balls.
0	A line of people skiing in the snow.
1	a line of people skiing upon the snow.
0	Many people are cross-country skiing on a snowy path.
1	many people are cross-country skiing in a snowy path.
0	A line of skiers trek across a snowy landscape.
1	a line of skiers trek in a snowy landscape.
0	A long line of people riding skis down a snow covered slope.
1	a short line of people riding skis down a snow covered slope.
0	Plated meat and sauces with vegetables on plate.
1	plated meat and sauces with vegetables beside plate.
0	A tray with meat and dipping sauce on it
1	a tray with meat and dipping sauce with it
0	A partially eaten meal of steak, bread, and cole slaw.
1	a altogether eaten meal of steak, bread, and cole slaw.
0	A plate full of fried food and salad with a fork laying in it
1	a plate full of fried food and salad with a fork laying at it
0	A plate of food is seen in this picture.
1	a plate of food is seen at this picture.
0	A fork that is on a plate with food.
1	a fork that is with a plate with food.
0	A white plate topped with different types of food and cream.
1	a white plate topped with like types of food and cream.
0	Several boxes of doughnuts in a line on a table.
1	several boxes of doughnuts in a line upon a table.
0	Krispy Creme donuts are arranged in cardboard boxes.
1	krispy creme donuts are arranged at cardboard boxes.
0	Krispy Kreme donuts fill up a long table.
1	krispy kreme donuts fill up a short table.
0	A man buying doughnuts from a woman selling them on the a city street.
1	a man buying doughnuts from a woman selling them in the a city street.
0	A meal with a large sandwich and onion rings on a plate.
1	a meal on a large sandwich and onion rings on a plate.
0	Large sandwich plate with onion rings on the side.
1	large sandwich plate with onion rings upon the side.
0	A sandwich is prepared on swirly bread and sided with onion rings.
1	a sandwich is prepared beside swirly bread and sided with onion rings.
0	A man with a ball facing a girl with a racquet.
1	a man with a ball facing a girl on a racquet.
0	A girl dressed in black holds up a tennis racket as a man in a white t-shirt stands in front of her.
1	a girl dressed beside black holds up a tennis racket as a man in a white t-shirt stands in front of her.
0	People are playing with a tennis ball in a gym.
1	people are playing with a tennis ball under a gym.
0	A group of people playing in the water next to a beach.
1	a group of people playing beside the water next to a beach.
0	A group of surfers at the beach riding waves
1	a group of surfers over the beach riding waves
0	Various people in the ocean swimming and on surfboards.
1	various people in the ocean swimming and in surfboards.
0	a number of people riding surf boards on a body of water
1	a number of people riding surf boards upon a body of water
0	a close up of a cake with candy near by
1	a close towards of a cake with candy near by
0	Half of a cake is sitting on the counter.
1	half of a cake is sitting behind the counter.
0	A fun cake with half gone and covered in blue frosting.
1	a fun cake with half gone and covered upon blue frosting.
0	A half eaten cake sitting on a pan with candy.
1	a half eaten cake sitting beside a pan with candy.
0	a couple of sandwiches are on a pan
1	a couple of sandwiches are with a pan
0	Two sandwhiches sitting on a pan with tin foil.
1	two sandwhiches sitting behind a pan with tin foil.
0	Two sandwiches on Rye bread sit on a foil covered pan.
1	two sandwiches in rye bread sit on a foil covered pan.
0	Some cooked breads are on top of a plate.
1	some cooked breads are over top of a plate.
0	Two sandwiches with toasted bread set on a baking sheet that has tinfoil over it.
1	two sandwiches with toasted bread set beside a baking sheet that has tinfoil over it.
0	A cat is sleeping with its feet on a laptop.
1	a cat is sleeping with its feet behind a laptop.
0	A cat laying on its side sleeping next to a laptop.
1	a cat laying in its side sleeping next to a laptop.
0	A tilted shot with a yellow miasma over it shows a fabric-covered area with a sleeping orange cat, it's paws resting on the keys of a close by laptop.
1	a tilted shot with a yellow miasma over it shows a fabric-covered area with a sleeping orange cat, it's paws resting upon the keys of a close by laptop.
0	Cat sleeping on a table next to a laptop computer.
1	cat sleeping beside a table next to a laptop computer.
0	Two surfers carrying boards, viewed over a man's shoulder.
1	two surfers carrying boards, viewed upon a man's shoulder.
0	The side of a man's face is shown with two surfers holding surfboards in the background.
1	the side of a man's face is shown with two surfers holding surfboards under the background.
0	Two men who are holding surfboards near the ocean.
1	two men who are holding surfboards upon the ocean.
0	a close up of part of a mans face with two surfers behind him
1	a close up of part of a mans face with two surfers beside him
0	Two people on the beach with surfboards seen over a man's shoulder.
1	two people on the beach with surfboards seen below a man's shoulder.
0	a cake sits on top of a holder by some fruit
1	a cake sits beside top of a holder by some fruit
0	A cake and some plates on a table.
1	a cake and some plates over a table.
0	A small chocolate cake is shown on a pedestal.
1	a small chocolate cake is shown with a pedestal.
0	A man is being pulled into the air on a water board.
1	a man is being pulled into the air upon a water board.
0	A man doing a trick while wakeboarding on the ocean.
1	a man doing a trick while wakeboarding in the ocean.
0	A person does a trick in a body of water
1	a person does a trick under a body of water
0	Guy parasailing in the ocean, flying up in the air.
1	guy parasailing in the ocean, flying up under the air.
0	A boy in birthday hat holding a tennis racket.
1	a boy beside birthday hat holding a tennis racket.
0	A small boy with a birthday hat on holding a tennis racket.
1	a small boy with a birthday hat beside holding a tennis racket.
0	A young boy in a birthday hat holds a tennis racquet
1	a young boy over a birthday hat holds a tennis racquet
0	A child holds a racket with a hat on his head.
1	a child holds a racket with a hat beside his head.
1	a happy boy in a birthday hat holds a tennis racquet
0	A man laying in bed holding a plate of food.
1	a man laying beside bed holding a plate of food.
0	A black and white picture of a man eating in his bed.
1	a black and white picture of a man eating at his bed.
0	Adult man wearing bathrobe in bed while eating plate of food.
1	adult man wearing bathrobe under bed while eating plate of food.
0	Man laying in bed eating a piece of toast.
1	man laying beside bed eating a piece of toast.
0	A person with a piece of pizza over a plate.
1	a person with a piece of pizza below a plate.
0	The chef has prepared the pizza in his kitchen.
1	the chef has prepared the pizza at his kitchen.
0	A person with a wooden board by a oven.
1	a person with a wooden board on a oven.
0	A pizza cook getting ready to cook some pizza in the oven.
1	a pizza cook getting ready to cook some pizza over the oven.
0	A man puts a pizza on a paddle.
1	a man puts a pizza behind a paddle.
0	There are plates of salad and pizza on a pan.
1	there are plates of salad and pizza with a pan.
0	Some plates of salad by a pan of pizza with chicken and broccoli.
1	some plates of salad on a pan of pizza with chicken and broccoli.
0	A cookie sheet has a casserole on it next to plates.
1	a cookie sheet has a casserole in it next to plates.
0	A pizza sitting on top of a round cutting board.
1	a pizza sitting upon top of a round cutting board.
0	A peeson at a table is eating a small pizza
1	a peeson beside a table is eating a small pizza
0	Some babies are laying on their backs together
1	some babies are laying with their backs together
0	A young boy who is laying down and has something in his hand.
1	a young boy who is laying down and has something upon his hand.
0	A child is lying on the floor in a diaper next to a parent reading a book and brushing her teeth.
1	a child is lying in the floor in a diaper next to a parent reading a book and brushing her teeth.
1	a happy boy who is laying down and has something in his hand.
0	A cat sitting on the back of a white chair in a living room.
1	a cat sitting with the back of a white chair in a living room.
0	A black and white cat sitting on a couch
1	a black and white cat sitting upon a couch
0	The cat is perched on the chair in the living room.
1	the cat is perched in the chair in the living room.
0	A black and white cat lying on the back of a sofa.
1	a black and white cat lying beside the back of a sofa.
0	A man holding a Wii remote playing a video game on the television.
1	a man holding a wii remote playing a video game behind the television.
0	a man playing a video game in his living room.
1	a man playing a video game upon his living room.
0	A man in yellow shirt playing a game with Nintendo Wii controller.
1	a man under yellow shirt playing a game with nintendo wii controller.
0	A man in white shorts stands near a large television screen with a remote.
1	a man in white shorts stands across a large television screen with a remote.
0	A view of a TV and a statue laying on the ground, next to a window.
1	a view of a tv and a statue laying behind the ground, next to a window.
0	a statue of a bodt stting on a cart with wheels
1	a statue of a bodt stting in a cart with wheels
0	There is a statue of a body in the room.
1	there is a statue of a body upon the room.
0	A black sculpture of a torso is on the floor next to a TV.
1	a black sculpture of a torso is over the floor next to a tv.
0	A living room with TV and entertainment center beside a sculpture of a torso.
1	a living room with tv and entertainment center in a sculpture of a torso.
0	Simple desk set up with laptop only feature in middle
1	simple desk set up with laptop only feature under middle
0	A sparse wooden desk with a laptop and phone on top.
1	a sparse wooden desk with a laptop and phone behind top.
0	A wooden desk with a laptop sitting on it.
1	a wooden desk with a laptop sitting upon it.
0	The computer is sitting on a desk with another device plugged in it.
1	the computer is sitting upon a desk with another device plugged in it.
0	a woman is walking past a doorway on a sidewalk
1	a woman is walking past a doorway in a sidewalk
0	A woman talking on a cell phone checks her watch.
1	a woman talking beside a cell phone checks her watch.
0	A woman wearing blue is on the phone and walking along a sidewalk in front of a building with black planters on both sides of the entrance.
1	a woman wearing blue is with the phone and walking along a sidewalk in front of a building with black planters on both sides of the entrance.
0	A small personal pan sized pizza on a plate.
1	a small personal pan sized pizza upon a plate.
0	A pepperoni pizza sits on a plate ready to be eaten.
1	a pepperoni pizza sits in a plate ready to be eaten.
0	Two pepperoni pizzas on a white plate each.
1	two pepperoni pizzas behind a white plate each.
0	A couple of tennis players on a large, fenced-in outdoor court.
1	a couple of tennis players with a large, fenced-in outdoor court.
0	People with tennis rackets on a fenced tennis court.
1	people with tennis rackets upon a fenced tennis court.
0	A man who is standing on a tennis court.
1	a man who is standing behind a tennis court.
1	a couple of tennis players on a large, fenced-in indoor court.
0	Two men with glasses sitting at a table using laptops
1	two men with glasses sitting over a table using laptops
0	Two men sitting beside each other while looking at their laptop.
1	two men sitting beside each other while looking beside their laptop.
0	Two men sitting at a table using laptop computers.
1	two men sitting over a table using laptop computers.
0	Two men working on laptops at a kitchen table.
1	two men working in laptops at a kitchen table.
0	A couple of people on laptops on a table.
1	a couple of people on laptops in a table.
0	An open laptop computer sitting on top of a bed next to a mouse.
1	an open laptop computer sitting beside top of a bed next to a mouse.
0	a laptop open up with a ipod and phone plugged in it
1	a laptop open up with a ipod and phone plugged at it
0	A laptop and accessories on a blue bed.
1	a laptop and accessories over a blue bed.
0	A computer, cell phone, mouse, and ipod with charger sitting on the bed.
1	a computer, cell phone, mouse, and ipod on charger sitting on the bed.
0	an image of a laptop and other electronics on top of a bed
1	an image of a laptop and other electronics over top of a bed
0	a close up of a banana an apple an orange and a bowl
1	a close within of a banana an apple an orange and a bowl
0	A woman smiles as she looks at her cell phone.
1	a woman smiles as she looks beside her cell phone.
0	A young woman smiles while looking at her open flip phone.
1	a young woman smiles while looking across her open flip phone.
1	a happy woman smiles while looking at her open flip phone.
0	Man on phone and drink with red hue standing next to a woman
1	man on phone and drink on red hue standing next to a woman
0	A man holding a glass and cellphone in red lit room.
1	a man holding a glass and cellphone beside red lit room.
0	A man on a cell phone next to a woman.
1	a man over a cell phone next to a woman.
0	A person is holding a smartphone which is plugged in
1	a person is holding a smartphone which is plugged beside
0	A hand holds a smart phone showing the apps.
1	a hand holds a dumb phone showing the apps.
0	A man resting his injured leg while he talks on the phone.
1	a man resting his injured leg while he talks in the phone.
0	A man with one broken leg in the air talks on a phone.
1	a man with one broken leg in the air talks upon a phone.
0	A man with crutches standing and talking on a cell phone.
1	a man with crutches standing and talking over a cell phone.
0	A man talking on the phone while propping on his crutches.
1	a man talking on the phone while propping upon his crutches.
0	A baby laying on a floor next to a purple cell phone.
1	a baby laying upon a floor next to a purple cell phone.
0	A baby on the floor near a cell phone.
1	a baby over the floor near a cell phone.
0	A LITTLE BABY IS LAYING ON THE FLOOR NEXT TO A CELL PHONE
1	a little baby is laying over the floor next to a cell phone
0	a baby laying on a floor near a cell phone
1	a baby laying upon a floor near a cell phone
0	Two cabinets are open in a white room.
1	two cabinets are open at a white room.
0	there is a white microwave in this small corner
1	there is a white microwave at this small corner
0	A microwave is sitting on a white cabinet.
1	a microwave is sitting beside a white cabinet.
0	A girl getting her hair cut, on a chair.
1	a girl getting her hair cut, over a chair.
0	A hand with scissors cutting another persons hair sitting in a chair.
1	a hand with scissors cutting another persons hair sitting beside a chair.
0	A woman cutting a young mans hair on the deck.
1	a woman cutting a young mans hair in the deck.
0	A man with long hair gets a haircut.
0	a women cutting the hair of a guy with long hair
1	a woman cutting a happy mans hair on the deck.
1	a man with short hair gets a haircut.
1	a women cutting the hair of a guy with short hair
0	There is a old tower with a clock in the center
1	there is a old tower with a clock beside the center
0	A big tower clock showing the time at three twenty-seven.
1	a big tower clock showing the time beside three twenty-seven.
0	A tower of a building with a clock on it stands among other buildings.
1	a tower of a building on a clock on it stands among other buildings.
0	Food is on a plate with a knife and fork.
1	food is beside a plate with a knife and fork.
0	a skillet with a bunch of food inside of it
1	a skillet with a bunch of food up of it
0	A frying pan with meat and vegetables in it.
1	a frying pan with meat and vegetables over it.
0	A plate with a fully prepared meal, and silverware on it.
1	a plate with a fully prepared meal, and silverware upon it.
0	A bottle of wine and a wine glass on a table.
1	a bottle of wine and a wine glass behind a table.
0	a bottle a glass of wine on a brown table
1	a bottle a glass of wine upon a brown table
0	A wineglass and bottle that are on a table.
1	a wineglass and bottle that are over a table.
0	A glas full of wine sitting next to a bottle on a table.
1	a glas full of wine sitting next to a bottle behind a table.
0	Bananas, green and ripe yellow are abundant on the sidewalk.
1	bananas, green and ripe yellow are abundant in the sidewalk.
0	A cheesy pastry sitting on top of a plate.
1	a cheesy pastry sitting upon top of a plate.
0	A piece of grilled cheese sandwich sitting on a plate.
1	a piece of grilled cheese sandwich sitting beside a plate.
0	A sandwich of some kind on a plate.
1	a sandwich of some kind behind a plate.
0	A close-up of a grilled cheese sandwich in a bowl of soup
1	a close-up of a grilled cheese sandwich under a bowl of soup
0	Adult displaying several bowls of fruits in kitchen area.
1	adult displaying several bowls of fruits beside kitchen area.
0	A person shows two bowls full of different fruits
1	a person shows two bowls full of like fruits
0	A man standing by a large air gondola that is docked in a station
1	a man standing by a large air gondola that is docked upon a station
0	A train is parked as a man at the top of the stairs waits along side it.
1	a train is parked as a man over the top of the stairs waits along side it.
0	A bathroom with a closed shower curtain outside its bathtub.
1	a bathroom with a closed shower curtain within its bathtub.
0	A bathroom has a toilet and a brown counter in it.
1	a bathroom has a toilet and a brown counter upon it.
0	a white toilet in a bathroom with white walls
1	a white toilet over a bathroom with white walls
0	A white toilet sitting in the corner of a bathroom.
1	a white toilet sitting upon the corner of a bathroom.
0	Bathroom scene, white commode and matching white sink on light brown tone tiled floor.
1	bathroom scene, white commode and matching white sink in light brown tone tiled floor.
0	people riding bikes near a beach and others swimming
1	people riding bikes below a beach and others swimming
0	A plethora of people riding bicycles and walking on a beach road.
1	a plethora of people riding bicycles and walking upon a beach road.
0	A woman on a motorcycle smiles next to a man on a bicycle.
1	a woman on a motorcycle smiles next to a man behind a bicycle.
0	a woman in a black top on a motorcycle and a male on a bicycle
1	a woman in a black top upon a motorcycle and a male on a bicycle
0	A woman on a motorcycle beside a ban on his bicycle.
1	a woman on a motorcycle in a ban on his bicycle.
0	A man and woman on different types of bikes smiling.
1	a man and woman with different types of bikes smiling.
1	a man and woman on like types of bikes smiling.
0	a number of people on bikes under a traffic light
1	a number of people on bikes beside a traffic light
0	A group of people on bicycles next to a passing train.
1	a group of people over bicycles next to a passing train.
0	A train passing some people on bikes at night.
1	a train passing some people with bikes at night.
0	A group of people sitting at a bus station waiting for a train.
1	a group of people sitting behind a bus station waiting for a train.
0	A large long train and a person on a bike.
1	a large short train and a person on a bike.
0	A bike sitting parked on the ground next to a building.
1	a bike sitting parked upon the ground next to a building.
0	A bicycle leaning on a building near a train track.
1	a bicycle leaning with a building near a train track.
0	A bike is parked on the side of a building.
1	a bike is parked in the side of a building.
0	A bicycle leaned against the wall on the side of the street
1	a bicycle leaned against the wall beside the side of the street
0	A man taking pics in a bathroom with a cellphone
1	a man taking pics under a bathroom with a cellphone
0	Man using a camera in a room with toilet and sink.
1	man using a camera upon a room with toilet and sink.
0	A man is taking a photo of himself in the bathroom.
1	a man is taking a photo of himself under the bathroom.
0	A man taking a selfie in a bathroom with a toilet, sink and shower.
1	a man taking a selfie at a bathroom with a toilet, sink and shower.
0	a person that is spiting something up in a toilet
1	a person that is spiting something up under a toilet
0	A toilet splashes water up at a man's face as he kneels beside it.
1	a toilet splashes water up at a man's face as he kneels behind it.
0	A few kittens in a bowl in a white void
1	a few kittens in a bowl beside a white void
0	Two small kittens sitting in a glad bowl together.
1	two small kittens sitting at a glad bowl together.
0	this is two kittens in a glass bowl
1	this is two kittens over a glass bowl
0	Two tabby kittens are snuggling in a clear glass bowl.
1	two tabby kittens are snuggling upon a clear glass bowl.
0	Two kittens are sitting in a bowl next to each other.
1	two kittens are sitting at a bowl next to each other.
0	Two motorcycles leaning on their kickstands on a lawn
1	two motorcycles leaning on their kickstands beside a lawn
0	A blue motorcycle parked next to a red motorcycle on a lush green field.
1	a blue motorcycle parked next to a red motorcycle in a lush green field.
0	A shiny silver and red motorcycle are parked in the grass.
1	a shiny silver and red motorcycle are parked beside the grass.
0	Two motorcycle riders leaving out on a ride.
1	two motorcycle riders leaving out behind a ride.
0	Two people sitting on a black motorcycle across from other cyclists.
1	two people sitting upon a black motorcycle across from other cyclists.
0	A large group of people on motorcycles in a parking lot.
1	a large group of people on motorcycles under a parking lot.
0	A man sitting on a motorcycle with a girl sitting behind him as others look on.
1	a man sitting behind a motorcycle with a girl sitting behind him as others look on.
0	A couple of people siting on a motorcycle.
1	a couple of people siting behind a motorcycle.
0	a close up of a business window with print on it
1	a close up of a business window with print beside it
0	a number of motorcycles in a lot
1	a number of motorcycles over a lot
0	A bunch of motor bikes lined up on a street.
1	a bunch of motor bikes lined up with a street.
0	A big parking lot with a very long row of motorcycles.
1	a big parking lot with a very short row of motorcycles.
0	A big thick tasty looking pastry with icing on it.
1	a big thick tasty looking pastry with icing with it.
0	A cinnamon roll with icing sitting on wax paper.
1	a cinnamon roll with icing sitting beside wax paper.
0	A doughnut with sprinkled sugar and icing on it.
1	a doughnut with sprinkled sugar and icing beside it.
0	a doughnut like pastry sitting on parchment paper
1	a doughnut like pastry sitting behind parchment paper
0	Person on motorbike  with speed detector showing 26.
1	person on motorbike on speed detector showing 26.
0	A person on a motorcycle performing a test in front of a radar speed sign.
1	a person over a motorcycle performing a test in front of a radar speed sign.
0	A man riding a motorcycle drives across a tarmac.
1	a man riding a motorcycle drives upon a tarmac.
0	a person riding a motorcycle on an empty lot
1	a person riding a motorcycle in an empty lot
0	A person that is writing a motorcycle on the street.
1	a person that is writing a motorcycle over the street.
0	A tall building with a massive clock on it's face.
1	a tall building with a massive clock behind it's face.
0	A massive building with a clock at the very top.
1	a massive building on a clock at the very top.
0	A boxed TV and sofa with a lamp in a room.
1	a boxed tv and sofa with a lamp at a room.
0	A young man sitting on top of a white bench.
1	a young man sitting behind top of a white bench.
0	A man seated on a bench with a plastic bottle
1	a man seated on a bench on a plastic bottle
0	A person sits on a bench with a water bottle next to him
1	a person sits in a bench with a water bottle next to him
1	a happy man sitting on top of a white bench.
0	A boat dock with two planes floating on the water.
1	a boat dock with two planes floating upon the water.
0	Three airplanes with floats sitting on the water.
1	three airplanes on floats sitting on the water.
0	A small plane is parked in the water by the dock
1	a small plane is parked over the water by the dock
0	Boat planes docked at a sunny marina terminal
1	boat planes docked across a sunny marina terminal
0	Several single engine planes are making water stops at a pier.
1	several single engine planes are making water stops upon a pier.
0	Giraffe in its natural habitat snacking on a tree
1	giraffe in its natural habitat snacking in a tree
0	a giraffe grazing in the wild eating from a tree
1	a giraffe grazing at the wild eating from a tree
0	A large giraffe standing in a dry brush field.
1	a large giraffe standing over a dry brush field.
0	A small propeller airplane flying through a cloudy sky.
1	a small propeller airplane flying around` a cloudy sky.
0	A single engine prop airplane flying in the sky on a cloudy day.
1	a single engine prop airplane flying in the sky beside a cloudy day.
0	a mirror is on a pole by a light
1	a mirror is in a pole by a light
0	City buildings are seen reflected in a convex mirror.
1	city buildings are seen reflected at a convex mirror.
0	The large mirror is behind a traffic signal.
1	the large mirror is below a traffic signal.
0	Large black street light in front of a setting sun.
1	large black street light under front of a setting sun.
0	A stop light that is hanging on a pole.
1	a stop light that is hanging over a pole.
0	the sun setting into the horizon behind some trees.
1	the sun setting into the horizon below some trees.
0	A traffic light hanging over a street near a forest.
1	a traffic light hanging below a street near a forest.
0	A giraffe in grassy area with trees in the background.
1	a giraffe at grassy area with trees in the background.
0	a giraffe standing in a green field with trees.
1	a giraffe standing at a green field with trees.
0	The giraffe is standing in a green field bounded by tall, lush trees.
1	the giraffe is standing beside a green field bounded by tall, lush trees.
0	A bus parked at a bus stop in a city with tall buildings.
1	a bus parked beside a bus stop in a city with tall buildings.
0	PEOPLE BOARDING A BUS PARKED ON A STREET.
1	people boarding a bus parked over a street.
0	People getting onto a stadium bus on a sunny day
1	people getting onto a stadium bus behind a sunny day
0	A city passenger bus stopping to take on passengers.
1	a city passenger bus stopping to take in passengers.
0	an old bus on the road and people boarding it
1	an old bus behind the road and people boarding it
0	A large bus and some people on a city street.
1	a large bus and some people in a city street.
0	A water faucet in a tall set of grass.
1	a water faucet at a tall set of grass.
0	A faucet in the ground surrounded by grass.
1	a faucet over the ground surrounded by grass.
0	There is a fire hydrant sitting in the grass.
1	there is a fire hydrant sitting under the grass.
0	Three giraffes stand by a small river or pond in a wildlife enclosure.
1	three giraffes stand by a small river or pond beside a wildlife enclosure.
0	Three giraffes that are walking in an enclosure.
1	three giraffes that are walking beside an enclosure.
0	A bird standing on the rocks in front of water.
1	a bird standing with the rocks in front of water.
0	a small blue bird is standing on a rock
1	a small blue bird is standing beside a rock
0	a beautiful blue bird with a topknot that looks like a peacock
1	a ugly blue bird with a topknot that looks like a peacock
0	A giraffe in a zoo sticking out its tongue at some children.
1	a giraffe in a zoo sticking out its tongue beside some children.
0	People are leaning over the fence to pet the giraffes.
1	people are leaning below the fence to pet the giraffes.
0	A giraffe tries to reach out and lick a young child.
1	a giraffe tries to reach out and lick a happy child.
0	One way signs at N 11 St and Brewers Row near a brick building.
1	one way signs across n 11 st and brewers row near a brick building.
0	There is a street pole with many different signs on it
1	there is a street pole with many different signs over it
0	Street signs are on a pole next to a building.
1	street signs are beside a pole next to a building.
0	A brick building stands in the background near a cluster of street signs on a pole.
1	a brick building stands in the background near a cluster of street signs with a pole.
0	Street signs on a pole with a large building in the background.
1	street signs on a pole with a large building under the background.
1	there is a street pole with many like signs on it
0	A street sign on the side of of a wooded area.
1	a street sign behind the side of of a wooded area.
0	A black pole has a street sign on it.
1	a black pole has a street sign beside it.
0	a black and white street sign on a black pole and some trees
1	a black and white street sign behind a black pole and some trees
0	A pole sitting on the side of a road near a forest.
1	a pole sitting in the side of a road near a forest.
0	Behind a sign for Smitty's Market, a yellow sports car.
1	below a sign for smitty's market, a yellow sports car.
0	a yellow car sits parked behind a sign
1	a yellow car sits parked below a sign
0	A street sign stands on the 8500 west block of Hollywood boulevard.
1	a street sign stands behind the 8500 west block of hollywood boulevard.
0	A Habitation in Vehicles Prohibited sign on a street pole.
1	a habitation in vehicles prohibited sign with a street pole.
0	a street sign saying there is no parking at night
1	a street sign saying there is no parking over night
0	An unusual street sign is posted here on this pole.
1	an unusual street sign is posted here in this pole.
1	an usual street sign is posted here on this pole.
0	there is a sheep behind a fence standing in the snow
1	there is a sheep across a fence standing in the snow
0	A sheep standing with his behind to a fence in the snow.
1	a sheep standing with his behind to a fence over the snow.
0	a animal standing in some snow next to a wire fence
1	a animal standing over some snow next to a wire fence
0	a sheep standing on a snowy ground with very long horns
1	a sheep standing on a snowy ground with very short horns
0	A white and blue train with various graffiti on it.
1	a white and blue train with various graffiti in it.
0	a close up of a train with graffiti written on it
1	a close up of a train with graffiti written over it
0	A train on a train track with graffiti on it.
1	a train in a train track with graffiti on it.
0	A railroad train that has graffiti on the side of it
1	a railroad train that has graffiti beside the side of it
0	A train covered in graffiti sitting on top of  train tracks.
1	a train covered in graffiti sitting in top of train tracks.
0	A parked passenger train car is covered in graffiti.
1	a parked passenger train car is covered under graffiti.
0	a train with some writting on it is on some tracks
1	a train on some writting on it is on some tracks
0	part of a train with some graffiti on it
1	part of a train with some graffiti beside it
0	a truck on a street next to a building
1	a truck with a street next to a building
0	A white and blue truck parked on a street.
1	a white and blue truck parked in a street.
0	A small truck parked on the side of a street ready to go.
1	a small truck parked upon the side of a street ready to go.
0	A decoratively painted business truck for a motor company
1	a decoratively unpainted business truck for a motor company
0	A dog and a cat sitting in a chair.
1	a dog and a cat sitting at a chair.
0	a black cat and a brown dog sited on a courch
1	a black cat and a brown dog sited in a courch
0	A dog and cat laying together on a chair
1	a dog and cat laying together upon a chair
0	A cat laying on top of a black office chair.
1	a cat laying with top of a black office chair.
0	Cat covering it's head as it sleeps in the computer chair
1	cat covering it's head as it sleeps over the computer chair
0	A happy cat curls its paws under its face while it naps on a chair.
1	a happy cat curls its paws under its face while it naps beside a chair.
0	A cat is sleeping in a chair with its leg curled around its head.
1	a cat is sleeping beside a chair with its leg curled around its head.
1	a angry cat curls its paws under its face while it naps on a chair.
0	People are standing in front of food trucks.
1	people are standing under front of food trucks.
0	Two people standing outside in the dark beside two buses.
1	two people standing outside upon the dark beside two buses.
0	Two food trucks that are in the street.
1	two food trucks that are upon the street.
0	Four cows in a pen on a sunny day
1	four cows in a pen over a sunny day
0	A bunch of very cute cows in a fenced area.
1	a bunch of very cute cows beside a fenced area.
0	Brown and white and black and white cows stand behind a fenced area and their habitat looks worn.
1	brown and white and black and white cows stand beside a fenced area and their habitat looks worn.
0	a person and a cat sitting on a couch
1	a person and a cat sitting upon a couch
0	A person laying on top of a white couch.
1	a person laying beside top of a white couch.
0	A guy is stretched out with his feet propped up and his cat is laying beside him.
1	a guy is stretched out with his feet propped up and his cat is laying in him.
0	A big semi truck is on the street.
1	a big semi truck is beside the street.
0	A truck that is sitting underneath the trees.
1	a truck that is sitting up the trees.
0	A truck with a dumpster is parked near some trees
1	a truck with a dumpster is parked below some trees
0	Three people standing around a tractor and trailer with box cars loaded on the back.
1	three people standing around a tractor and trailer on box cars loaded on the back.
0	Man with crazy hair, glasses and earrings in both ears.
1	man on crazy hair, glasses and earrings in both ears.
0	A smiling man with black glasses, funny hair, and earrings.
1	a smiling man with black glasses, dull hair, and earrings.
0	The two girls are in a photo booth trying on hats and  different fake ties.
1	the two girls are in a photo booth trying in hats and different fake ties.
0	Two girls posing for a picture with painted on neckties.
1	two girls posing for a picture with painted in neckties.
0	Two beautiful young ladies sitting next to each other while wearing hats.
1	the two girls are in a photo booth trying on hats and like fake ties.
1	two ugly young ladies sitting next to each other while wearing hats.
0	Several rows of boats docked on a body of water.
1	several rows of boats docked over a body of water.
0	Several boats in the water docked at a marina.
1	several boats in the water docked behind a marina.
0	Boats floating in rows at the dock in the river
1	boats floating over rows at the dock in the river
0	Empty boats docked on the water in a harbor.
1	empty boats docked upon the water in a harbor.
0	Many boats anchored on docks in the harbor.
1	many boats anchored with docks in the harbor.
0	Guy watches boat drive by on the water.
1	guy watches boat drive by beside the water.
0	A man looking at a boat passing by
1	a man looking over a boat passing by
0	A man sits at an outdoor cafe while a boat goes by.
1	a man sits at an outdoor cafe while a boat goes on.
1	a man sits at an indoor cafe while a boat goes by.
0	A group of elephants standing behind a wire fence.
1	a group of elephants standing below a wire fence.
0	Three elephants standing behind a metal wire fence.
1	three elephants standing near a metal wire fence.
0	A man and his dog riding a boat in the middle of a lake.
1	a man and his dog riding a boat beside the middle of a lake.
0	Two people in a boat fishing on a river
1	two people in a boat fishing in a river
0	Two people on a long rowboat in a river or lake.
1	two people behind a long rowboat in a river or lake.
0	Two people in a boat paddling on a body of water.
1	two people at a boat paddling on a body of water.
0	A very long boat with two men being paddled by only one
1	a very long boat on two men being paddled by only one
1	two people on a short rowboat in a river or lake.
1	a very short boat with two men being paddled by only one
0	A young child posing beside an elephant at a zoo.
1	a young child posing beside an elephant over a zoo.
0	An elephant poses with a young boy at a zoo.
1	an elephant poses with a young boy over a zoo.
0	A little boy sitting next to an elephant with a long trunk.
0	A young boy is sitting by an elephant.
1	a little boy sitting next to an elephant with a short trunk.
1	a happy boy is sitting by an elephant.
1	a happy child posing beside an elephant at a zoo.
1	an elephant poses with a happy boy at a zoo.
0	Picture of boats and seagulls on a body of water
1	picture of boats and seagulls upon a body of water
0	Birds on a busy waterway full of boats.
1	birds upon a busy waterway full of boats.
0	an adult driving a speed boat in the water near some rock growings
1	an adult driving a speed boat under the water near some rock growings
0	A speed boat is in the water near the rock wall.
1	a speed boat is in the water in the rock wall.
0	A boat sailing in the ocean with windmills in the backround
1	a boat sailing in the ocean with windmills beside the backround
0	A long yellow boat in the water in front of rocks and windmills.
1	a short yellow boat in the water in front of rocks and windmills.
0	A man paints scenes at a fair stand.
1	a man paints scenes upon a fair stand.
0	An artist stands near a large outdoor art exhibit.
1	an artist stands below a large outdoor art exhibit.
0	A man painting under a pink umbrella with paintings on the wall behind him..
1	a man painting under a pink umbrella with paintings upon the wall behind him..
1	an artist stands near a large indoor art exhibit.
0	A brown teddy bear sitting in a red chair.
1	a brown teddy bear sitting upon a red chair.
0	A teddy bear is sitting on a chair.
1	a teddy bear is sitting upon a chair.
0	teddy bear sitting on wicker chair with red cushion
1	teddy bear sitting with wicker chair with red cushion
0	A teddy bear sits and relaxes on a red chair.
1	a teddy bear sits and relaxes with a red chair.
0	A teddy bear sitting on a chair inside a room.
1	a teddy bear sitting in a chair inside a room.
0	A polar bear playing in the water in a zoo pin.
1	a polar bear playing in the water over a zoo pin.
0	a white polar bear is swimming in some water
1	a white polar bear is swimming at some water
0	A polar bear shaking water off its head in a pool of water.
1	a polar bear shaking water off its head upon a pool of water.
0	A brown bear near the river and some grass
1	a brown bear across the river and some grass
0	Bear, fishing in a stream running through grassy field.
1	bear, fishing in a stream running up grassy field.
0	A bear is seen in the grass next to a creek.
1	a bear is seen over the grass next to a creek.
0	A dog asleep in a bed with a blanket over him
1	a dog asleep over a bed with a blanket over him
0	Black dog in a bed on a pillow under a pink blanket
1	black dog in a bed on a pillow behind a pink blanket
0	a black lab lying in bed under covers
1	a black lab lying at bed under covers
0	Three zebras standing in a line in the tall grass.
1	three zebras standing under a line in the tall grass.
0	three zebras in a field of grass with trees in the background
1	three zebras at a field of grass with trees in the background
0	Three zebras in a grassy field next to trees.
1	three zebras at a grassy field next to trees.
0	Three zebras stand in tall grass near a wooded area
1	three zebras stand at tall grass near a wooded area
0	A zebra behind a fence near some kids.
1	a zebra behind a fence below some kids.
0	Children are looking at a zebra in an enclosure.
1	children are looking upon a zebra in an enclosure.
0	Toddlers standing at the fence watching a zebra.
1	toddlers standing beside the fence watching a zebra.
0	A little girl in a flowered dress and a girl wearing red shorts stand near a railing while a zebra is on the other side.
1	a little girl in a flowered dress and a girl wearing red shorts stand near a railing while a zebra is behind the other side.
0	A horse standing in the middle of a street.
1	a horse standing under the middle of a street.
0	A horse on a street during the day.
1	a horse in a street during the day.
0	A horse standing on a open city street.
1	a horse standing behind a open city street.
0	A horse with red sturups on it is standing .
1	a horse with red sturups over it is standing.
0	a close up of a horse tethered to a carriage in front of a building
1	a close atop of a horse tethered to a carriage in front of a building
0	Two zebras stand near each other in the tall grass.
1	two zebras stand over each other in the tall grass.
0	In an area of green and yellow vegetation stands a zebra looking forward and standing right behind a second zebra with its head cropped off.
1	in an area of green and yellow vegetation stands a zebra looking forward and standing right beside a second zebra with its head cropped off.
0	Two animals are grazing in a wide field.
1	two animals are grazing over a wide field.
0	A horse is standing in the grasses of a field.
1	a horse is standing at the grasses of a field.
0	Black and white photograph of a horse in a desert area.
1	black and white photograph of a horse upon a desert area.
0	A very pretty horse in a big grassy field.
1	a very pretty horse at a big grassy field.
0	A horse walking through dirt and grass.
1	a horse walking up dirt and grass.
0	a man standing and checking out a bunch of hanging fruit on display
1	a man standing and checking out a bunch of hanging fruit in display
0	Looking down at a cheese and broccoli pizza on the stovetop
1	looking down at a cheese and broccoli pizza in the stovetop
0	A broccoli and cheese pizza on a pan.
1	a broccoli and cheese pizza behind a pan.
0	A pizza is on a tin on top of a stove.
1	a pizza is beside a tin on top of a stove.
0	A man standing beside a display of bananas in boxes.
1	a man standing beside a display of bananas over boxes.
0	A man standing with his hands over his eyes by a fruit stand.
1	a man standing with his hands over his eyes on a fruit stand.
0	There is a man who is riding on his skateboard.
1	there is a man who is riding with his skateboard.
0	A person on a skateboard riding up a wall.
1	a person upon a skateboard riding up a wall.
0	a man on a skateboard that is on a ramp
1	a man over a skateboard that is on a ramp
0	a person jumping a skate board in the air
1	a person jumping a skate board over the air
0	A person on a skateboard jumping up in the air.
1	a person on a skateboard jumping up beside the air.
0	The guy in the plaid shirt is doing a trick on his skateboard.
1	the guy under the plaid shirt is doing a trick on his skateboard.
0	a close up of a person holding food in napkins
1	a close atop of a person holding food in napkins
0	A hand holding a sandwich wrap with park in background.
1	a hand holding a sandwich wrap with park at background.
0	Food item wrapped in foil ready for consumption in outdoor setting.
1	food item wrapped in foil ready for consumption in indoor setting.
0	A tray on a table with food on the tray
1	a tray over a table with food on the tray
0	A tray of food on a table at a restaurant.
1	a tray of food with a table at a restaurant.
0	A tray of food on a table that has a sandwich, beans and a side of mashed potatoes in a bowl.
1	a tray of food on a table that has a sandwich, beans and a side of mashed potatoes over a bowl.
0	A tray on a table with plates of food and dipping sauces and a drink.
1	a tray upon a table with plates of food and dipping sauces and a drink.
0	A white bowl of food with vegetables on a table.
1	a white bowl of food with vegetables over a table.
0	a white bowl filled with many different vegetables
1	a white bowl filled with many like vegetables
0	A picture of a barbeque sandwich with lettuce on a bun.
1	a picture of a barbeque sandwich with lettuce upon a bun.
0	A bud with meet and vegetables on the inside
1	a bud with meet and vegetables over the inside
0	A rib sandwich with lettuce and grapes are on a poppy seed bun.
1	a rib sandwich with lettuce and grapes are over a poppy seed bun.
0	A group of people gathered at the bottom of a snow mountain
1	a group of people gathered behind the bottom of a snow mountain
0	Skiers congregate with a mountain in the background.
1	skiers congregate with a mountain over the background.
0	A hot dog restaurant with neon lights in front of it.
1	a hot dog restaurant with neon lights over front of it.
0	A brightly lit restaurant on the side of the road at night.
1	a brightly lit restaurant behind the side of the road at night.
0	A street at night with a restaurant that has neon lighted signs for hot dogs.
1	a street beside night with a restaurant that has neon lighted signs for hot dogs.
0	Neon signs glowing on a dark street at night.
1	neon signs glowing on a dark street across night.
0	a store that has their lights on in the dark of the night.
1	a store that has their lights behind in the dark of the night.
0	people standing at a donut shop with a big donut sign on the roof of it
1	people standing across a donut shop with a big donut sign on the roof of it
0	A cut in half sandwich sitting on top of a white plate.
1	a cut at half sandwich sitting on top of a white plate.
0	A table at a restaurant has a sandwich and soup in white dishes.
1	a table at a restaurant has a sandwich and soup under white dishes.
0	A person is hanging in the air near a building.
1	a person is hanging beside the air near a building.
0	A person flying through the air on top of a snowboard.
1	a person flying through the air behind top of a snowboard.
0	A man holding a purple hose on top of waves near a sandy beach.
1	a man holding a purple hose on top of waves in a sandy beach.
0	A young person drags a surfboard through the water on the beach.
1	a young person drags a surfboard through the water behind the beach.
0	A person holding on to a blue surfboard on a beach.
1	a person holding beside to a blue surfboard on a beach.
0	A man that is holding a surfboard near the water
1	a man that is holding a surfboard upon the water
1	a happy person drags a surfboard through the water on the beach.
0	The surfboards are standing upright and are held in place by a rope.
1	the surfboards are standing upright and are held in place on a rope.
0	some colorful surfboards sitting on a rack
1	some colorful surfboards sitting upon a rack
0	A bed sitting next to a window across from a desk.
1	a bed sitting next to a window beside from a desk.
0	A bunch of kids participate in a soccer game.
1	a bunch of kids participate at a soccer game.
0	there are many young boys playing soccer together
1	there are many happy boys playing soccer together
0	Different types of ice creams  and cold drinks are seen in a shop.
1	different types of ice creams and cold drinks are seen over a shop.
0	Various kinds of cupcakes on display on the counter.
1	various kinds of cupcakes over display on the counter.
0	There are cupcakes in the window at the bakery.
1	there are cupcakes in the window upon the bakery.
1	like types of ice creams and cold drinks are seen in a shop.
0	A chocolate cake decorated with flowers and long, purple candles sits on a blue plate on the floor.
1	a chocolate cake decorated with flowers and long, purple candles sits beside a blue plate on the floor.
0	a close up of a cake on a plate
1	a close towards of a cake on a plate
0	Sliced pizza served on plate next to beverage at table.
1	sliced pizza served on plate next to beverage across table.
0	A plate of pizza and a glass of beer is on a table.
1	a plate of pizza and a glass of beer is in a table.
0	A personal sized pizza on a red plate on a wood table next to a drink.
1	a personal sized pizza over a red plate on a wood table next to a drink.
0	A sliced up personal pizza on a plate
1	a sliced up personal pizza beside a plate
0	Tennis player smiles on the court while holding her tennis racket.
1	tennis player smiles in the court while holding her tennis racket.
0	A girl wearing all orange on a court holding a tennis racket.
1	a girl wearing all orange beside a court holding a tennis racket.
0	A young woman with a tennis racket celebrates a good play.
1	a happy woman with a tennis racket celebrates a good play.
0	A homemade pizza sitting on a cutting board on a counter.
1	a homemade pizza sitting with a cutting board on a counter.
0	there is a small freshly baked pizza on a wooden board
1	there is a small freshly baked pizza over a wooden board
0	Different kinds of toppings on top of a pizza.
1	different kinds of toppings beside top of a pizza.
0	A pizza is atop a wooden cutting board, with cheese and various toppings.
1	a pizza is through a wooden cutting board, with cheese and various toppings.
1	like kinds of toppings on top of a pizza.
0	A woman in a short skirt holding a tennis racquet.
1	a woman beside a short skirt holding a tennis racquet.
0	Woman in a blue dress serving on a tennis court.
1	woman in a blue dress serving beside a tennis court.
0	A female serving a tennis ball in front of a crowd.
1	a female serving a tennis ball upon front of a crowd.
1	a woman in a long skirt holding a tennis racquet.
0	A slice and a half of sausage pizza on a paper plate
1	a slice and a half of sausage pizza behind a paper plate
0	One and a half pieces of pizza on a paper plate.
1	one and a half pieces of pizza over a paper plate.
0	an image of a slice of pizza on a paper plate
1	an image of a slice of pizza behind a paper plate
0	Pizza is sitting on a plate with a fork.
1	pizza is sitting over a plate with a fork.
0	The long couches are sitting in front of the windows.
1	the long couches are sitting upon front of the windows.
0	A long couch with many pillows, a table and some seat cushions around it.
0	A very modern Frank Lloyd Wright living room.
0	a living room with a really long couch below some windows
1	the short couches are sitting in front of the windows.
1	a short couch with many pillows, a table and some seat cushions around it.
1	a very ancient frank lloyd wright living room.
1	a living room with a really short couch below some windows
0	This is a photo of someones kitchen in their home.
1	this is a photo of someones kitchen over their home.
0	A room with two tables with green table clothes.
1	a room with two tables on green table clothes.
0	Tables in a room are covered with green cloths.
1	tables upon a room are covered with green cloths.
0	In this living room the television is on, a dog is sleeping on the floor, and snacks are on the coffee table.
1	in this living room the television is on, a dog is sleeping in the floor, and snacks are on the coffee table.
0	A living room after a small gathering with a dog laying on the floor.
1	a living room after a small gathering with a dog laying behind the floor.
0	a dog lying on a carpet and a screen on
1	a dog lying on a carpet and a screen with
0	A living room filled with furniture sitting in front of a TV.
1	a living room filled with furniture sitting under front of a tv.
0	A dog is laying on the living room floor with the TV on.
1	a dog is laying over the living room floor with the tv on.
0	a bunch of brown furniture in a room
1	a bunch of brown furniture at a room
0	A living room with a couch sitting under a mirror.
1	a living room on a couch sitting under a mirror.
0	A living room that has a sofa a love seat combination in front of a large coffee table and a mirror on the wall.
1	a living room that has a sofa a love seat combination in front of a large coffee table and a mirror beside the wall.
0	Blurry photograph of a child tumbling on furniture in the living room
1	blurry photograph of a child tumbling with furniture in the living room
0	a living room with a young person some couches and a piano
1	a living room with a happy person some couches and a piano
0	A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.
1	a desktop computer sitting with top of a desk.
0	Assorted items sit on a desk next to a laptop computer.
1	assorted items sit over a desk next to a laptop computer.
0	a close up of a desk with a keyboard and monitor
1	a close within of a desk with a keyboard and monitor
0	Many items including plastic cups have been placed beside computer.
1	many items including plastic cups have been placed on computer.
0	A woman is talking on the phone while on the bus
1	a woman is talking on the phone while upon the bus
0	Another passenger on public transportation talking on a cell phone.
1	another passenger beside public transportation talking on a cell phone.
0	A woman talks on her cellphone while riding a city bus.
1	a woman talks upon her cellphone while riding a city bus.
0	A woman with her legs crossed sitting on a train seat.
1	a woman with her legs crossed sitting behind a train seat.
0	A woman sits on a bus talking on her phone.
1	a woman sits over a bus talking on her phone.
0	A large clock that is in between two pillars.
1	a large clock that is over between two pillars.
0	A large wooden clock sitting in between two pillars.
1	a large wooden clock sitting at between two pillars.
0	A woman sitting on a couch in front of an open laptop computer.
1	a woman sitting beside a couch in front of an open laptop computer.
0	A woman leaning back in her seat looking at a laptop.
1	a woman leaning back in her seat looking over a laptop.
0	A girl with a her feet up using a laptop in a car.
1	a girl with a her feet up using a laptop under a car.
0	A girl in a car sits bored on a seat with a laptop.
1	a girl beside a car sits bored on a seat with a laptop.
0	A woman sitting in a car with a laptop on her legs.
1	a woman sitting over a car with a laptop on her legs.
0	A woman standing in a field flying a kite.
1	a woman standing upon a field flying a kite.
0	The woman is flying a kite at the beach.
1	the woman is flying a kite beside the beach.
0	A person on a beach holding a kite string and a kite is in the air.
1	a person in a beach holding a kite string and a kite is in the air.
0	A person is flying a kite on a beach.
1	a person is flying a kite upon a beach.
0	A man in a field flying an airplane shaped kite.
1	a man at a field flying an airplane shaped kite.
0	a man on a hill flies a kite in the air
1	a man in a hill flies a kite in the air
0	a man flies a kite in the parkl
1	a man flies a kite over the parkl
0	A clcok mounted to the side of a wall on the outside of a building.
1	a clcok mounted to the side of a wall upon the outside of a building.
0	black and white photo of boys playing on a street sidewalk
1	black and white photo of boys playing upon a street sidewalk
0	Young boys on sidewalk in urban city setting.
1	young boys upon sidewalk in urban city setting.
0	An old picture of children playing near a building
1	an old picture of children playing in a building
0	Three young boys are cavorting along an old sidewalk.
1	happy boys on sidewalk in urban city setting.
1	three happy boys are cavorting along an old sidewalk.
0	clock tower that is lite up in the dark.
1	clock tower that is lite up beside the dark.
0	An unusual clock tower; in the background, lightening shoots towards Earth behind a building.
1	an unusual clock tower; over the background, lightening shoots towards earth behind a building.
0	A beautiful lighted clock tower in the dusk sky with a streak of lightening in the background.
1	a beautiful lighted clock tower in the dusk sky with a streak of lightening over the background.
0	Lightening strikes in the distance behind a clock on a pole.
1	lightening strikes in the distance behind a clock with a pole.
0	A clock above a building with clouds and lightning in background.
1	a clock above a building with clouds and lightning over background.
1	an usual clock tower; in the background, lightening shoots towards earth behind a building.
1	a ugly lighted clock tower in the dusk sky with a streak of lightening in the background.
0	A brown bear sitting up against a tree on a green grass covered field.
1	a brown bear sitting up against a tree with a green grass covered field.
0	A teddy bear in clothes sitting under a tree
1	a teddy bear beside clothes sitting under a tree
0	A TEDDY BEAR KEPT CLOSE TO A TREE NEAR A BEACH.
1	a teddy bear kept close to a tree below a beach.
0	clowe up of a large clock with a sky background
1	clowe atop of a large clock with a sky background
0	A large clock with flags on it says Colgate.
1	a large clock with flags beside it says colgate.
0	A large outdoor clock with the name 'Colgate' on it is shown from close up.
1	a large outdoor clock with the name'colgate' on it is shown from close towards.
0	A very large clock with an advertisement on it's face.
1	a very large clock with an advertisement upon it's face.
0	adult men in baseball uniforms walking in a baseball field
1	adult men upon baseball uniforms walking in a baseball field
0	A kid swings at the ball in a baseball game.
1	a kid swings at the ball beside a baseball game.
0	A boy who is swinging at a ball at a baseball game.
1	a boy who is swinging at a ball across a baseball game.
0	A young baseball player is swinging at a pitch.
0	A young boy swinging his bat during a baseball game.
0	A young boy holding a bat standing next to home plate.
1	a happy baseball player is swinging at a pitch.
1	a happy boy swinging his bat during a baseball game.
1	a happy boy holding a bat standing next to home plate.
0	Three men and one woman sit at a table eating pizza.
1	three men and one woman sit beside a table eating pizza.
0	Group of young adults eating pizza and drinking beer at a restaurant.
1	group of young adults eating pizza and drinking beer upon a restaurant.
0	A group of people sit at a wooden table with pizzas on it in an outdoor place.
1	group of happy adults eating pizza and drinking beer at a restaurant.
1	a group of people sit at a wooden table with pizzas on it in an indoor place.
0	A man hitting a ball at a tennis match.
1	a man hitting a ball over a tennis match.
0	a person on a tennis court with a racket in hand
1	a person upon a tennis court with a racket in hand
0	A man standing on top of a blue tennis court.
1	a man standing upon top of a blue tennis court.
0	A group of officials at center court of a professional tennis match.
1	a group of officials across center court of a professional tennis match.
0	A group of people are on a blue tennis court.
1	a group of people are over a blue tennis court.
0	A room witb a statue, bookshelves, books and a vase with flowers in it.
1	a room witb a statue, bookshelves, books and a vase on flowers in it.
0	A statue next to a vase of flowers on a shelf.
1	a statue next to a vase of flowers with a shelf.
0	Two laptop computers sit side by side on a desk.
1	two laptop computers sit side by side in a desk.
0	A desk with two laptops on it by a thermos
1	a desk with two laptops with it by a thermos
0	A laptop computer with a wireless mouse sitting on a desk
1	a laptop computer with a wireless mouse sitting upon a desk
0	a laptop sitting open on a desk in front of other stuff
1	a laptop sitting open on a desk at front of other stuff
0	A computer with itunes open is on a desk.
1	a computer with itunes open is beside a desk.
0	mac book on a desk with itunes open
1	mac book behind a desk with itunes open
0	A red table holding a black laptop with red rope on it.
1	a red table holding a black laptop on red rope on it.
0	There is a scrunchie on top of a laptop computer.
1	there is a scrunchie beside top of a laptop computer.
0	An Apple computer on a red surface with cloth on the lid.
1	an apple computer in a red surface with cloth on the lid.
0	A bundle of red chenille cord, resting on an Apple device.
1	a bundle of red chenille cord, resting beside an apple device.
0	A coil of yarn laying on top of an apple computer.
1	a coil of yarn laying over top of an apple computer.
0	A stove with a kettle and cupcakes sitting on it.
1	a stove with a kettle and cupcakes sitting over it.
0	Some muffins are cooling on the top of the stove.
1	some muffins are cooling beside the top of the stove.
0	A desert dish has powdered sugar on it.
1	a desert dish has powdered sugar beside it.
0	A white plate topped with waffles covered in fried apples and strawberries with powdered sugar.
1	a white plate topped with waffles covered under fried apples and strawberries with powdered sugar.
0	a close up of food on a plate
1	a close up of food in a plate
0	A close up of a piece of fired chicken on top of a pastry.
1	a close up of a piece of fired chicken beside top of a pastry.
0	Two loaf of bread baking inside of an oven.
1	two loaf of bread baking through of an oven.
0	Two loaves of bread baking in an oven.
1	two loaves of bread baking at an oven.
0	Two loaves of bread in pans inside an oven.
1	two loaves of bread upon pans inside an oven.
0	The tower of the building has a clock displayed on it.
1	the tower of the building has a clock displayed upon it.
0	A clock is shown at the top of a building.
1	a clock is shown behind the top of a building.
0	A tower with a clock and turret on top of a building.
1	a tower on a clock and turret on top of a building.
0	A clock on a tower on top of a brick building.
1	a clock with a tower on top of a brick building.
0	there is a clock on top of a stone small wall
1	there is a clock over top of a stone small wall
0	a clock with four faces on a stone pillar
1	a clock with four faces upon a stone pillar
0	A melted looking lay pot sitting on top of a spindle.
1	a melted looking lay pot sitting beside top of a spindle.
0	A metal looking jar on the top of a roll of wire.
1	a metal looking jar over the top of a roll of wire.
0	a weird looking vase on a stand in brown
1	a weird looking vase on a stand beside brown
0	There is a vase being made near copper wire.
1	there is a vase being made over copper wire.
0	A brown pottery vase on a spool of wire.
1	a brown pottery vase with a spool of wire.
0	A young man pouring glasses of wine in a kitchen
1	a young man pouring glasses of wine upon a kitchen
0	A man standing in front of a wooden table covered in glasses of wine.
1	a man standing under front of a wooden table covered in glasses of wine.
0	The man is pouring a glass of wine, and there are several others on the table.
1	the man is pouring a glass of wine, and there are several others in the table.
1	a happy man pouring glasses of wine in a kitchen
0	Skiers on snow covered slopes near chair lift.
1	skiers beside snow covered slopes near chair lift.
0	a number of people riding snow boards on a snowy slope
1	a number of people riding snow boards in a snowy slope
0	Woman running with a football with another woman chasing her.
1	woman running with a football on another woman chasing her.
0	Two young men running across a soccer field.
1	two young men running beside a soccer field.
0	A person with a football running with another person behind them.
1	a person with a football running with another person below them.
1	two happy men running across a soccer field.
0	Smoke is rising from a pan on the back of the stove top.
1	smoke is rising from a pan over the back of the stove top.
0	a kitchen with a tea pot on a stove
1	a kitchen with a tea pot upon a stove
0	a tea pot is steaming on the stove top
1	a tea pot is steaming over the stove top
0	A table and some chairs in a room.
1	a table and some chairs upon a room.
0	A light that is underneath a fan in the kitchen.
1	a light that is underneath a fan at the kitchen.
0	A tranquil bathroom is here, with a nice sink and a towel rolled up on it.
1	a tranquil bathroom is here, with a nice sink and a towel rolled up behind it.
0	A white toilet sitting next to a wooden dresser with a  vase full of flowers on top of it.
1	a white toilet sitting next to a wooden dresser with a vase full of flowers in top of it.
0	A white sink sitting underneath a mirror in a bathroom.
1	a white sink sitting beneath a mirror in a bathroom.
0	A busted bathroom sink underneath a mirror in a bathroom.
1	a busted bathroom sink outside a mirror in a bathroom.
0	A bench sitting on a sidewalk near a line of cars.
1	a bench sitting in a sidewalk near a line of cars.
0	A sidewalk scene with focus on a bench.
1	a sidewalk scene with focus over a bench.
0	A empty bench is on a sidewalk by a street.
1	a empty bench is with a sidewalk by a street.
0	A lone bench sits at the entrance of an empty sidewalk.
1	a lone bench sits over the entrance of an empty sidewalk.
0	Someone has cleaned the toilet seat in the stall.
1	someone has cleaned the toilet seat under the stall.
0	A white toilet is shown in an all black bathroom.
1	a white toilet is shown under an all black bathroom.
0	Looking down at an open white toilet bowl in a black tiled bathroom
1	looking down upon an open white toilet bowl in a black tiled bathroom
0	a man riding a dirt bike with some smoke behind him
1	a man riding a dirt bike with some smoke beside him
0	A person on a motorcycle wearing a helmet.
1	a person over a motorcycle wearing a helmet.
0	A black motorcycle with a gargoyle painted on it.
1	a black motorcycle with a gargoyle painted with it.
0	A motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk by the street
1	a motorcycle is parked over the sidewalk by the street
0	A morotcycle sits parked near a curb where two people are walking.
1	a morotcycle sits parked over a curb where two people are walking.
0	A dog is standing on a miniature motorcycle.
1	a dog is standing over a miniature motorcycle.
0	A dog on a miniature motorcycle with glasses on.
1	a dog on a miniature motorcycle with glasses with.
0	The cool dog is riding on a motorcycle.
1	the cool dog is riding over a motorcycle.
0	A small dog on a motor bike on the ground.
1	a small dog behind a motor bike on the ground.
0	A parked motorcycle on display next to the skull of a demon.
1	a parked motorcycle over display next to the skull of a demon.
0	A red, metallic motorcycle on display behind chain barrier.
1	a red, metallic motorcycle behind display behind chain barrier.
0	An orange motorcycle sits on display at a bike show.
1	an orange motorcycle sits upon display at a bike show.
0	An olive colored toilet sitting inside of a room.
1	an olive colored toilet sitting beneath of a room.
0	A golden toilet is in a bathroom beside a white bedroom
1	a golden toilet is under a bathroom beside a white bedroom
0	A tiny space shows a small half bathroom and part of a bedroom.
1	a huge space shows a small half bathroom and part of a bedroom.
0	A motorcycle parked up against a building with graffiti on it
1	a motorcycle parked up against a building with graffiti with it
0	a scooter next to a brick building with graffiti on it
1	a scooter next to a brick building with graffiti behind it
0	Blue moped parked in front of a graffiti covered building.
1	blue moped parked at front of a graffiti covered building.
0	A motorcyclist relaxes in full garb leaning on the vehicle.
1	a motorcyclist relaxes under full garb leaning on the vehicle.
0	A person sitting on the ground next to a motorcycle.
1	a person sitting upon the ground next to a motorcycle.
0	A person in helmet leaning on a motorcycle with a fence next to it.
1	a person in helmet leaning in a motorcycle with a fence next to it.
0	a person sitting on the ground next to a motorcycle
1	a person sitting over the ground next to a motorcycle
0	A man handing another man something inside of a room.
1	a man handing another man something through of a room.
0	A small dog on TV behind the words " What Did I Do Wrong?'.
1	a small dog on tv across the words "what did i do wrong?'.
0	A picture of a brown and white dog with lines through it.
1	a picture of a brown and white dog with lines up it.
0	A television is showing an animal abuse commercial with a sad looking dog.
1	a television is showing an animal abuse commercial with a funny looking dog.
0	A person laying on a bed while watching television.
1	a person laying upon a bed while watching television.
0	a person in socks lying on bed watching Tv screen
1	a person in socks lying behind bed watching tv screen
0	A plane floating on top of a lake surrounded by mountains.
1	a plane floating beside top of a lake surrounded by mountains.
0	Lake or river beach with plane in shallow water.
1	lake or river beach with plane upon shallow water.
0	A BIPLANE AND A SMALL BOAT OUT ON THE WATER
1	a biplane and a small boat out with the water
0	A small boat in water beside a sea airplane.
1	a small boat in water upon a sea airplane.
0	Large unusual looking plain on the runway surrounded by many people.
1	large unusual looking plain behind the runway surrounded by many people.
0	A large cargo plane on display at an airshow.
1	a large cargo plane on display across an airshow.
1	large usual looking plain on the runway surrounded by many people.
0	A picture of a street light through a rainy lens.
1	a picture of a street light outside a rainy lens.
0	a window with rain drops on it looking at a street light
1	a window with rain drops in it looking at a street light
0	the view on a street through a window on a rainy day
1	the view on a street through a window over a rainy day
0	The window showing a traffic signal is covered in droplets of rainwater.
1	the window showing a traffic signal is covered beside droplets of rainwater.
0	yellow lines painted on city street at night
1	yellow lines painted upon city street at night
0	A train track on the road with a street sign
1	a train track behind the road with a street sign
0	A giraffe standing in a field of grass.
1	a giraffe standing at a field of grass.
0	The giraffe is standing in the middle of a field.
1	the giraffe is standing at the middle of a field.
0	The giraffe stands alone in the open safari area
1	the giraffe stands alone beside the open safari area
0	A lone giraffe stands on the green savannah.
1	a lone giraffe stands behind the green savannah.
0	a giraffe in the middle of a field of grass with trees in the background
1	a giraffe beside the middle of a field of grass with trees in the background
0	A person drives a bus on a busy road.
1	a person drives a bus behind a busy road.
0	A person sitting on a bus on a street.
1	a person sitting on a bus with a street.
0	A woman in a bus with cars ahead
1	a woman beside a bus with cars ahead
0	A herd of giraffe standing next to each other near a forested hillside.
1	a herd of giraffe standing next to each other below a forested hillside.
0	A group of giraffes are standing together on the veldt.
1	a group of giraffes are standing together behind the veldt.
0	an image of a herd of giraffes in a plain
1	an image of a herd of giraffes beside a plain
0	Half a dozen healthy giraffes hanging out in a field
1	half a dozen healthy giraffes hanging out over a field
0	A group of giraffes faces and stare in the same direction while one of the faces and stares in the other .
1	a group of giraffes faces and stare beside the same direction while one of the faces and stares in the other.
0	A pig eating in front of a cow in the background.
1	a pig eating in front of a cow upon the background.
0	a pink pig is eating something on the ground
1	a pink pig is eating something beside the ground
0	Sheep grazing in a small garden at dusk.
1	sheep grazing over a small garden at dusk.
0	A group of three giraffe standing inside of a cage.
1	a group of three giraffe standing through of a cage.
0	Three giraffes in an indoor enclosure being photographed by visitors.
1	three giraffes at an indoor enclosure being photographed by visitors.
0	A group of zebras in a glass room with people taking pictures.
1	a group of zebras upon a glass room with people taking pictures.
0	a close up of a bowl with wood and screws inside
1	a close towards of a bowl with wood and screws inside
0	PARK BENCH IN FRONT OF A FENCE AND LOTS OF TREES
1	park bench at front of a fence and lots of trees
0	An empty park bench sits in front of a hedge and a grassy field.
1	an empty park bench sits under front of a hedge and a grassy field.
0	a park bench sits in front of a grass area
1	a park bench sits under front of a grass area
0	A bench in front of a vine covered fence.
1	a bench under front of a vine covered fence.
0	A yellow fire hydrant on curb with bushes and tree with brick road and red poles.
1	a yellow fire hydrant upon curb with bushes and tree with brick road and red poles.
0	a yellow fire hydrant near many bushes
1	a yellow fire hydrant below many bushes
0	A tour bus with a cats face painted on the front of it
1	a tour bus with a cats face painted in the front of it
0	a bus with a kitty face on the front of it
1	a bus with a kitty face over the front of it
0	Three women standing near a bus that has the face of a cat painted on the front.
1	three women standing near a bus that has the face of a cat painted beside the front.
0	A fire hydrant on a sidewalk along a street.
1	a fire hydrant over a sidewalk along a street.
0	An ugly green fire hydrant on the verge of needing replacement.
1	an ugly green fire hydrant with the verge of needing replacement.
0	The green fire hydrant is sitting on the side of the street.
1	the green fire hydrant is sitting with the side of the street.
0	A car and traffic light on a city street.
1	a car and traffic light in a city street.
0	An NYPD police car sitting on Broadway near a stoplight
1	an nypd police car sitting beside broadway near a stoplight
0	A black and white photo of a NYPD police car traveling down Broadway in New York City.
1	a black and white photo of a nypd police car traveling down broadway over new york city.
0	A NYPD police car in New York City.
1	a nypd police car upon new york city.
0	A dog is chasing sheep across an area in full speed.
1	a dog is chasing sheep below an area in full speed.
0	Farm animals, probably sheep, running around in this blurry photograph.
1	farm animals, improbably sheep, running around in this blurry photograph.
0	a bunch of sheep all chillin together in a bin
1	a bunch of sheep all chillin together over a bin
0	A bunch of sheep are squeezed together in a boxed unit.
1	a bunch of sheep are squeezed together over a boxed unit.
0	Box car with a bunch of sleep packed in tight.
1	box car with a bunch of sleep packed under tight.
0	Several sheep are standing beside a road while one walks on it.
1	several sheep are standing beside a road while one walks beside it.
0	A herd of sheep on a beach next to a body of water and on the road.
1	a herd of sheep on a beach next to a body of water and upon the road.
0	A group of sheep standing on a road and a road side.
1	a group of sheep standing with a road and a road side.
0	a group of sheep grazing and blocking the road in front of a vehicle
1	a group of sheep grazing and blocking the road beside front of a vehicle
0	Some animals are walking on the street and next to the car.
1	some animals are walking behind the street and next to the car.
0	Several sheep in the dirt and two on the road near a truck.
1	several sheep at the dirt and two on the road near a truck.
0	Two giraffes are in the grass by some rocks.
1	two giraffes are in the grass on some rocks.
0	Two giraffes behind a wall of boulders, in front of a gate.
1	two giraffes behind a wall of boulders, at front of a gate.
0	a dog in a Santa hat on a pillow
1	a dog in a santa hat behind a pillow
0	A white and brown dog sitting on a chair while wearing a Santa Hat.
1	a white and brown dog sitting in a chair while wearing a santa hat.
0	There are several street signs in the highway
1	there are several street signs over the highway
0	a number of cars driving on a highway under signs
1	a number of cars driving upon a highway under signs
0	Nationwide signage adorns most of the major highways in the USA.
1	nationwide signage adorns most of the major highways upon the usa.
0	A great view of a street in the picture.
1	a great view of a street at the picture.
0	Cars are traveling on the road beneath street signs.
1	cars are traveling beside the road beneath street signs.
0	A man crossing a busy road on Division st.
1	a man crossing a busy road upon division st.
0	A sky full of a flock of birds on a cloudy day.
1	a sky full of a flock of birds beside a cloudy day.
0	A flock of birds flying in the clouds
1	a flock of birds flying under the clouds
0	Birds flying in the gray and overcast skies.
1	birds flying beside the gray and overcast skies.
0	A flock of birds circling an over cast sky.
1	a flock of birds circling an upon cast sky.
0	Baby geese or ducks laying in the grass near another animal.
1	baby geese or ducks laying at the grass near another animal.
0	Goslings sit on grass, hiding behind a goose's wing,
1	goslings sit upon grass, hiding behind a goose's wing,
0	a mother duck sitting on the grass with her ducklings beside her
1	a mother duck sitting over the grass with her ducklings beside her
0	Sparrow bird on branch, with beak inspecting leaves on branch
1	sparrow bird on branch, on beak inspecting leaves on branch
0	A bird sitting on the branch of a tree near leaves.
1	a bird sitting with the branch of a tree near leaves.
0	A bird that is sitting in a tree.
1	a bird that is sitting over a tree.
0	a bird sitting on a branch of a tree
1	a bird sitting over a branch of a tree
0	a bird that is on a small branch of a tree
1	a bird that is with a small branch of a tree
0	an image of a bird perched in a tree
1	an image of a bird perched under a tree
0	A bird perched on a green plant on a sunny day.
1	a bird perched on a green plant beside a sunny day.
0	A small bird sitting on some leaves on a tree.
1	a small bird sitting in some leaves on a tree.
0	A bird is sitting on the top of a leafy branch.
1	a bird is sitting on the top of a leafless branch.
0	A picture of a steam train with a conductor on the ground.
1	a picture of a steam train with a conductor with the ground.
0	The sign has a man standing beside a train going down the tracks.
1	the sign has a man standing on a train going down the tracks.
0	a train that is much larger than it should be, probably due to radiation
1	a train that is much larger than it should be, improbably due to radiation
0	A truck driving along a mountain road covered in dry grass.
1	a truck driving along a mountain road covered at dry grass.
0	A truck with bags of something on the road.
1	a truck on bags of something on the road.
0	A black and white cat with it's head inside of a black boot.
1	a black and white cat with it's head around` of a black boot.
0	The cat is hiding its face inside the boot.
1	the cat is hiding its face around` the boot.
0	Cat on carpet looking into a black boot.
1	cat upon carpet looking into a black boot.
0	A cat with its head in a boot.
1	a cat with its head under a boot.
0	A group of people are walking dogs on a large sidewalk.
1	a group of people are walking dogs upon a large sidewalk.
0	Families walking their pet dogs on a paved walkway.
1	families walking their pet dogs over a paved walkway.
0	People walking their dogs on a park trail.
1	people walking their dogs upon a park trail.
0	A brown and white cat resting on wooden furniture
1	a brown and white cat resting with wooden furniture
0	Multi-colored cat hanging over a piece of furniture.
1	multi-colored cat hanging below a piece of furniture.
0	A long haired cat staring in to a camera.
1	a long haired cat staring beside to a camera.
1	a short haired cat staring in to a camera.
0	The black cat is sitting on the computer keyboard.
1	the black cat is sitting behind the computer keyboard.
0	The cat is sitting on top of the keyboard.
1	the cat is sitting in top of the keyboard.
0	A black cat sits on top of a keyboard in front of a computer monitor.
1	a black cat sits with top of a keyboard in front of a computer monitor.
0	The tie collection is made up of mostly blue and purple ties.
1	the tie collection is made underneath of mostly blue and purple ties.
0	Several different ties hand over a tie rack.
0	Many different ties of various colors are hanging in a dressing room.
1	several like ties hand over a tie rack.
1	many like ties of various colors are hanging in a dressing room.
0	Two people at a party hugging each other.
1	two people over a party hugging each other.
0	Male and female at a party celebrating in front of balloons.
1	male and female across a party celebrating in front of balloons.
0	A man in glasses and a young woman in a dark club
1	a man upon glasses and a young woman in a dark club
1	a man in glasses and a happy woman in a dark club
0	Several boats at a pier in a bay ringed by mountains.
1	several boats upon a pier in a bay ringed by mountains.
0	a bunch of boats sit docked on a body of water
1	a bunch of boats sit docked beside a body of water
0	Several boats parked at a dock with mountains in the background.
1	several boats parked beside a dock with mountains in the background.
0	a dock on the ocean with several fishing boats
1	a dock with the ocean with several fishing boats
0	a close up of a person wearing a bow tie
1	a close atop of a person wearing a bow tie
0	A man posing for a selfie in a jacket and bow tie.
1	a man posing for a selfie under a jacket and bow tie.
0	A man is posing for a camera in a room.
1	a man is posing for a camera under a room.
0	A man in uniform holding a musical keyboard.
1	a man over uniform holding a musical keyboard.
0	A man in uniform wearing an assortment of instruments
1	a man over uniform wearing an assortment of instruments
0	A man in bright clothing is carrying small instruments.
1	a man under bright clothing is carrying small instruments.
0	A man in a red jacket holding musical instruments.
1	a man upon a red jacket holding musical instruments.
0	Family and friends are together at the beach.
1	family and friends are together upon the beach.
0	The crowd is sitting under the umbrella at the beach.
1	the crowd is sitting below the umbrella at the beach.
0	People lay on blankets and sit in chairs on the beach under an umbrella.
1	people lay on blankets and sit in chairs on the beach beside an umbrella.
0	People sitting at the beach watching the waves roll in.
1	people sitting at the beach watching the waves roll beside.
0	a boat driving across the lake with there being a blue sky
1	a boat driving below the lake with there being a blue sky
0	A lake with a boat riding on the water and trees in the background below a blue sky.
1	a lake with a boat riding on the water and trees over the background below a blue sky.
0	A boat speeds down open water spraying water behind it.
1	a boat speeds down open water spraying water below it.
0	A nerd looking through a book while wearing glasses.
1	a nerd looking outside a book while wearing glasses.
0	A young man wearing glasses holds an open copy of The Watchmen graphic novel.
1	a happy man wearing glasses holds an open copy of the watchmen graphic novel.
0	A market street with various goods on display under an umbrella.
1	a market street with various goods behind display under an umbrella.
0	An umbrella is opened over a table at an outdoor market.
0	Outdoor market with many vegetables and food available
1	an umbrella is opened over a table at an indoor market.
1	indoor market with many vegetables and food available
0	A man in the ocean with a dog on a surfboard.
1	a man in the ocean with a dog in a surfboard.
0	A surfer has launched his dog across a wave as the dog holds on for dear life.
1	a surfer has launched his dog across a wave as the dog holds over for dear life.
0	A man is in the ocean waves near his surfboard with a dog on it.
1	a man is in the ocean waves over his surfboard with a dog on it.
0	A dog surfing a small wave with his owner swimming behind him.
1	a dog surfing a small wave with his owner swimming beside him.
0	A man helps a dog ride a wave on a surf board.
1	a man helps a dog ride a wave in a surf board.
0	an umbrella in a field of flowers
1	an umbrella at a field of flowers
0	A blue umbrella is placed near a field of wheat.
1	a blue umbrella is placed upon a field of wheat.
0	black and white image of white umbrellas hanging below lights
1	black and white image of white umbrellas hanging in lights
0	A bunch of ornate lanterns are hanging on the cieling
1	a bunch of ornate lanterns are hanging in the cieling
0	A large bear laying on it's back in water.
1	a large bear laying over it's back in water.
0	A bear completely submerged in the water except for his paws and head.
1	a bear completely submerged beside the water except for his paws and head.
0	a bear soaked itself in the river.
1	a bear soaked itself beside the river.
0	Ducks in shallow water near a grassy shore.
1	ducks in shallow water upon a grassy shore.
1	a bear partly submerged in the water except for his paws and head.
0	The woman is looking at a book while her dog lays next to her on the bed.
1	the woman is looking at a book while her dog lays next to her behind the bed.
0	The dog is on top of the girl's book on her lap.
1	the dog is beside top of the girl's book on her lap.
0	A zebra standing on top of a lush green field.
1	a zebra standing over top of a lush green field.
0	a zebra in a field with trees in the background
1	a zebra over a field with trees in the background
0	A zebra standing in the middle of a field
1	a zebra standing at the middle of a field
0	A zebra stands on a dirt patch in a field.
1	a zebra stands behind a dirt patch in a field.
0	A zebra grazng near a tree in a grassland.
1	a zebra grazng across a tree in a grassland.
0	A zebra eating grass in a very large field.
1	a zebra eating grass over a very large field.
0	Two people riding on the backs of brown horses.
1	two people riding beside the backs of brown horses.
0	People riding horses on a sandy beach by the ocean.
1	people riding horses on a sandy beach on the ocean.
0	A man and a woman horseback riding on the beach.
1	a man and a woman horseback riding upon the beach.
0	Two people on horseback ride along a beach.
1	two people behind horseback ride along a beach.
0	A couple ride horses along the beach, and the woman waves at the camera.
1	a couple ride horses along the beach, and the woman waves beside the camera.
0	Some very pretty zebras in a big grassy field.
1	some very pretty zebras beside a big grassy field.
0	An adult and young zebra in a field of brown grass.
1	an adult and young zebra over a field of brown grass.
0	An adult zebra and a kid zebra standing together in the woods.
1	an adult zebra and a kid zebra standing together at the woods.
0	A parent zebra stands next to a very young zebra.
1	a parent zebra stands next to a very happy zebra.
1	an adult and happy zebra in a field of brown grass.
0	A herd of zebra standing on top of a lush green field.
1	a herd of zebra standing upon top of a lush green field.
0	There are zebras standing around in a group.
1	there are zebras standing around beside a group.
0	A bunch of horses that are standing in the water.
1	a bunch of horses that are standing at the water.
0	Two men on horseback herd some horses across a stream
1	two men on horseback herd some horses beside a stream
0	A herd of horses runs through a stream.
1	a herd of horses runs up a stream.
0	Three zebras outside with two grazing next to each other.
1	three zebras inside with two grazing next to each other.
0	some baseball players playing as people watch on
1	some baseball players playing as people watch in
0	A man on a surfboard on the water.
1	a man behind a surfboard on the water.
0	Man on a wake board on a lake.
1	man on a wake board behind a lake.
0	A man being pulled on a waterboard holding a handle.
1	a man being pulled behind a waterboard holding a handle.
0	There are many bananas on a counter at a market
1	there are many bananas on a counter behind a market
0	A couple of bananas at a display at the store.
1	a couple of bananas across a display at the store.
0	An array of fruits on tables including Avocado, Bananas and other fresh fruits.
1	an array of fruits beside tables including avocado, bananas and other fresh fruits.
0	Lines of fruits, vegetables, and grains on a white surface.
1	lines of fruits, vegetables, and grains beside a white surface.
0	a grouping of fruits are displayed on a table
1	a grouping of fruits are displayed in a table
0	A variety of fruits and vegetables laid out on a table.
1	a variety of fruits and vegetables laid out in a table.
0	A table topped with different types of  vegetables and fruit.
1	a table topped with like types of vegetables and fruit.
0	A cell phone and a banana on a rock.
1	a cell phone and a banana in a rock.
0	There is a camera and a banana on top of a rock
1	there is a camera and a banana in top of a rock
0	A camera and a banana laying on top of a large rock.
1	a camera and a banana laying upon top of a large rock.
0	A red camera is sitting in sand next to a banana.
1	a red camera is sitting over sand next to a banana.
0	A banana sitting on top of a rock next to a red camera.
1	a banana sitting behind top of a rock next to a red camera.
0	Skiers enjoying a day on the slopes in the sun
1	skiers enjoying a day beside the slopes in the sun
0	Two people on the side of a snowy hill on Skis.
1	two people in the side of a snowy hill on skis.
0	Some skiers on the side of a very big snowy hill.
1	some skiers behind the side of a very big snowy hill.
0	Several people stand on their skis on a snowy hill.
1	several people stand in their skis on a snowy hill.
0	Groceries, including greens, juice, and bread sitting on a table.
1	groceries, including greens, juice, and bread sitting in a table.
0	Fresh vegetables sitting unwashed on a kitchen counter.
1	fresh vegetables sitting unwashed in a kitchen counter.
0	An assortment of groceries sitting on a table.
1	an assortment of groceries sitting over a table.
0	Groceries on a tabletop including bread, snap peas, spinach, and apple cider.
1	groceries over a tabletop including bread, snap peas, spinach, and apple cider.
0	Bread, vegetables, and cider on top of a kitchen counter.
1	bread, vegetables, and cider in top of a kitchen counter.
0	A young boy wearing  a catchers mitt while standing on top of a field.
1	a young boy wearing a catchers mitt while standing upon top of a field.
0	Two young boys playing with mitts and balls in a park.
1	a happy boy wearing a catchers mitt while standing on top of a field.
1	two happy boys playing with mitts and balls in a park.
0	An overhead shot of a big plant out in the woods.
1	an overhead shot of a big plant out at the woods.
0	A man on a skateboard is pushing himself along with a pole.
1	a man beside a skateboard is pushing himself along with a pole.
0	A man riding on a skateboard with a stick.
1	a man riding on a skateboard on a stick.
0	A man on a skateboard pushing himself along with a stick.
1	a man on a skateboard pushing himself along on a stick.
0	A man riding a skateboard carrying a long stick.
1	a man riding a skateboard carrying a short stick.
0	A man in red snowsuit on skis next to trees.
1	a man in red snowsuit with skis next to trees.
0	A large group of skiers on a snow covered trail.
1	a large group of skiers over a snow covered trail.
0	People on skis in a crowded area with trees in the back.
1	people with skis in a crowded area with trees in the back.
0	A man is jumping over a hole in the sidewalk.
1	a man is jumping over a hole at the sidewalk.
0	A young man jumps his skateboard over a space in the sidewalk.
1	a young man jumps his skateboard over a space under the sidewalk.
1	a happy man jumps his skateboard over a space in the sidewalk.
0	a boy that is on a skateboard doing a trick
1	a boy that is in a skateboard doing a trick
0	Littleboy performing a trick on his skateboard outside
1	littleboy performing a trick on his skateboard inside
0	A man riding a skateboard on the edge of a ramp.
1	a man riding a skateboard over the edge of a ramp.
0	Kid on a skate board in a skate park preforming a stunt.
1	kid beside a skate board in a skate park preforming a stunt.
0	a guy riding his skateboard near the edge of a pool
1	a guy riding his skateboard upon the edge of a pool
0	Two people in the snow one on a snowboard the other on ski's.
1	two people in the snow one on a snowboard the other upon ski's.
0	A person on skis and a person on a snowboard are on a ski slope.
1	a person upon skis and a person on a snowboard are on a ski slope.
0	Two people on a mountain slope with extreme sports equipment.
1	two people on a mountain slope on extreme sports equipment.
0	Two women in grey jackets on skis and snowboard next to mountains.
1	two women in grey jackets beside skis and snowboard next to mountains.
0	A snowboarder on their knees on the slope and a skier behind
1	a snowboarder behind their knees on the slope and a skier behind
0	A man in white shirt grinding a skateboard on rail.
1	a man in white shirt grinding a skateboard with rail.
0	A teen skateboarder skating down a stair rail on his skateboard.
1	a teen skateboarder skating down a stair rail in his skateboard.
0	Skateboarder with a white shirt grinding on a rail.
1	skateboarder with a white shirt grinding behind a rail.
0	The young man is practicing his skateboard tricks.
1	the happy man is practicing his skateboard tricks.
0	Skier jumping moguls on his run down the mountain.
1	skier jumping moguls over his run down the mountain.
0	A person skiing on the snow in a ski race.
1	a person skiing on the snow under a ski race.
0	The person is standing on a snowboard wearing goggles.
1	the person is standing upon a snowboard wearing goggles.
0	A man riding a snowboard on top of a snow covered slope.
1	a man riding a snowboard beside top of a snow covered slope.
0	A man is on skis on a mountain ski slope.
1	a man is over skis on a mountain ski slope.
0	A person standing on a snowboard in the snow.
1	a person standing on a snowboard at the snow.
0	Grilled food on a plate with eating utensils and condiments
1	grilled food in a plate with eating utensils and condiments
0	A hot dog on a plate with a lot of toppings
1	a hot dog upon a plate with a lot of toppings
0	A colorful plate with a hotdog on it
1	a colorful plate with a hotdog upon it
0	A plate of food next to a bowl with a utensil in it.
1	a plate of food next to a bowl with a utensil at it.
0	Hotdog with mustard, relish, and onions on colorful plate.
1	hotdog with mustard, relish, and onions over colorful plate.
0	An assortment of donuts sitting behind a donut counter
1	an assortment of donuts sitting in a donut counter
0	Many different types of doughnuts on a display.
1	many different types of doughnuts in a display.
0	Donuts, muffins and other baked goods in a display case.
1	donuts, muffins and other baked goods upon a display case.
1	many like types of doughnuts on a display.
0	A person on a surfboard in the water.
1	a person in a surfboard in the water.
0	A man riding a  wave in a wet suit.
1	a man riding a wave over a wet suit.
0	A man riding on top of a surfboard on a wave.
1	a man riding on top of a surfboard over a wave.
0	A man who is walking on the beach with a surfboard.
1	a man who is walking with the beach with a surfboard.
0	A man in a wet suit carrying a board and para sail rope.
1	a man over a wet suit carrying a board and para sail rope.
0	Man walking on beach near ocean carrying surfboard and holding para sail handle.
1	man walking upon beach near ocean carrying surfboard and holding para sail handle.
0	a man walks on a beach as he holds a surf board
1	a man walks with a beach as he holds a surf board
0	A boy is surfing while a grown man who is also in the water looks on
1	a boy is surfing while a grown man who is also in the water looks behind
0	A man and boy in wetsuits in water on surfboards.
1	a man and boy at wetsuits in water on surfboards.
0	a man on a surf board riding a wave
1	a man upon a surf board riding a wave
0	Boy on wet suit surfing in front of his Dad also in wet suit.
1	boy on wet suit surfing in front of his dad also beside wet suit.
0	a father helping his young son learn to surf
1	a father helping his happy son learn to surf
0	A woman in a wetsuit surfboarding in an ocean.
1	a woman in a wetsuit surfboarding over an ocean.
0	A woman wearing a wet suit on a surf board riding a wave.
1	a woman wearing a wet suit beside a surf board riding a wave.
0	A smiling woman in a wetsuit catches a wave on a surfboard
1	a smiling woman over a wetsuit catches a wave on a surfboard
0	a couple of ducks are in the water
1	a couple of ducks are under the water
0	A couple of ducks that are sitting in the water.
1	a couple of ducks that are sitting beside the water.
0	a mattress and a chair in the corner of a parking lot
1	a mattress and a chair under the corner of a parking lot
0	a mattress is laying on a dirty concrete slab
1	a mattress is laying with a dirty concrete slab
1	a mattress is laying on a cheap concrete slab
0	A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
1	a man riding a wave in top of a surfboard.
0	There were several people out in the surf today with their boards.
1	there were several people out beside the surf today with their boards.
0	A radio sitting on a table next to a record player.
1	a radio sitting over a table next to a record player.
0	A large red and white sheet cake sitting on top of a table.
1	a large red and white sheet cake sitting over top of a table.
0	A cake with medicine box decoration on a table with knife by its side.
1	a cake with medicine box decoration on a table on knife by its side.
0	A women who is laying in bed with her laptop.
1	a women who is laying beside bed with her laptop.
0	A woman is working on a laptop computer in bed.
1	a woman is working on a laptop computer at bed.
0	A woman snuggled up in bed using a laptop
1	a woman snuggled up over bed using a laptop
0	a woman is laying in bed with a laptop
1	a woman is laying beside bed with a laptop
0	A woman sitting in a bed with a laptop on her belly.
1	a woman sitting in a bed with a laptop in her belly.
0	A bed in a bedroom under a window covered with curtains.
1	a bed in a bedroom beside a window covered with curtains.
0	A bed with a purple headboard sits in a dimly lit bedroom.
1	a bed with a purple headboard sits beside a dimly lit bedroom.
0	A bed with a mirror behind it and clothes on the floor.
1	a bed on a mirror behind it and clothes on the floor.
0	A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean.
1	a man riding a wave upon a surfboard in the ocean.
0	A man is standing on a surfboard catching a wave.
1	a man is standing in a surfboard catching a wave.
0	A man surfing on a wave in the ocean.
1	a man surfing in a wave in the ocean.
0	A surfer is on his board preparing for the next wave.
1	a surfer is behind his board preparing for the next wave.
0	A large muscular man on a surfboard riding a wave.
1	a large muscular man beside a surfboard riding a wave.
0	a pizza and some other food in boxes
1	a pizza and some other food under boxes
0	A pizza and two cal zones sitting in delivery boxes.
1	a pizza and two cal zones sitting under delivery boxes.
0	A woman that is standing in front of a tray of food.
1	a woman that is standing over front of a tray of food.
0	Girls posing behind a stack of pizzas in pans.
1	girls posing behind a stack of pizzas under pans.
0	a woman is standing in front of some pizzas
1	a woman is standing at front of some pizzas
0	a man sitting in a chair  infront of a computer in front of a window
1	a man sitting in a chair infront of a computer at front of a window
0	A guy sitting at a desk with a nice monitor by a window.
1	a guy sitting beside a desk with a nice monitor by a window.
0	A man sitting in front of a flat screen monitor.
1	a man sitting at front of a flat screen monitor.
0	A man sits on a computer desk in a room.
1	a man sits in a computer desk in a room.
0	A man plays tennis in front of crowd.
1	a man plays tennis at front of crowd.
0	Man hitting a tennis ball on a blue tennis court.
1	man hitting a tennis ball beside a blue tennis court.
0	A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.
1	a man standing behind a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.
0	Several young girls sitting on a couch and playing Wii.
1	several young girls sitting upon a couch and playing wii.
0	A family playing a Nintendo Wii on couch
1	a family playing a nintendo wii beside couch
0	The group of girls are playing video games together in the room.
1	the group of girls are playing video games together at the room.
0	Four young girls smiling while playing Nintendo Wii.
1	several happy girls sitting on a couch and playing wii.
1	four happy girls smiling while playing nintendo wii.
0	A Wii and two holders handing on a wall.
1	a wii and two holders handing in a wall.
0	A wii remote sitting on a table with remote covers on both sides of it.
1	a wii remote sitting with a table with remote covers on both sides of it.
0	A Wii controller laying on a  wood table with a Wii charger and case.
1	a wii controller laying on a wood table on a wii charger and case.
0	two plastic cases for a wii, for different purposes
1	two plastic cases for a wii, for like purposes
0	Room with a couch, tv, dining table surrounded by chairs and two doors
1	room on a couch, tv, dining table surrounded by chairs and two doors
0	A couch, table, chairs and a tv are featured in a den with blue carpeting.
1	a couch, table, chairs and a tv are featured beside a den with blue carpeting.
0	Someone recently redid their front room in blues and browns
1	someone recently redid their front room upon blues and browns
0	a computer is sitting on a white desk
1	a computer is sitting behind a white desk
0	Desk workspace with modern monitor and two keyboards.
1	desk workspace with ancient monitor and two keyboards.
0	A computer desk with shelves on the wall.
1	a computer desk with shelves beside the wall.
0	a smiling boy sits on a woman's lap with a man standing behind both of them
1	a smiling boy sits with a woman's lap with a man standing behind both of them
0	Two men in the same clothes flying a kite.
1	two men upon the same clothes flying a kite.
0	two people standing near one another with a kite in the sky
1	two people standing near one another with a kite over the sky
0	A couple of men standing next to each other on a  hillside.
1	a couple of men standing next to each other in a hillside.
0	A computer sits on a white wooden stand.
1	a computer sits with a white wooden stand.
0	A home office set up on a shelf in the living room
1	a home office set up upon a shelf in the living room
0	A clock sitting in a chair next to a table.
1	a clock sitting under a chair next to a table.
0	A large clock sitting on a chair in front of a television.
1	a large clock sitting on a chair beside front of a television.
0	Clock sitting on a green chair next to a coffee table.
1	clock sitting with a green chair next to a coffee table.
0	A clock sitting on a chair in front of a tv.
1	a clock sitting on a chair under front of a tv.
0	a person in a field flying a kite in the sky
1	a person under a field flying a kite in the sky
0	Person flying kite with two strings on a clear blue day.
1	person flying kite on two strings on a clear blue day.
0	A man is in a field flying a kite.
1	a man is upon a field flying a kite.
0	A woman is flying a kite in a open area.
1	a woman is flying a kite under a open area.
0	An abandoned teddy bear outside of a closed shop on the sidewalk.
1	an abandoned teddy bear outside of a closed shop beside the sidewalk.
0	A teddy bear lying down on the sidewalk in front of a store.
1	a teddy bear lying down on the sidewalk beside front of a store.
0	The stuffed bear is on the sidewalk next to the shop entrance.
1	the stuffed bear is beside the sidewalk next to the shop entrance.
0	A pink teddy bear sitting on the side of a business building on a sidewalk.
1	a pink teddy bear sitting with the side of a business building on a sidewalk.
0	Batter looking on at player at home base preparing to swing at ball.
1	batter looking on at player at home base preparing to swing behind ball.
0	A person on a field with a baseball bat.
1	a person in a field with a baseball bat.
0	A baseball player with a bat in his hands.
1	a baseball player with a bat under his hands.
0	A shot of a tennis player in mid shot.
1	a shot of a tennis player upon mid shot.
0	A tennis player is in motion with his racquet raised.
1	a tennis player is upon motion with his racquet raised.
0	A plate of cottage cheese pizza and another with two pepperoni slices sitting on the table
1	a plate of cottage cheese pizza and another with two pepperoni slices sitting behind the table
0	a couple of plates with some pizzas on them
1	a couple of plates with some pizzas upon them
0	A couple of pieces of pizza on plates
1	a couple of pieces of pizza with plates
0	Two paper plates sitting on top of a table covered in pizza.
1	two paper plates sitting upon top of a table covered in pizza.
0	A tennis player in action on the court.
1	a tennis player beside action on the court.
0	a tennis player with a racket on a court
1	a tennis player with a racket in a court
0	A man holding a tennis racquet on a  tennis court.
1	a man holding a tennis racquet over a tennis court.
0	The young man is running on the tennis court with the racket.
0	A young person is having fun playing a game of tennis.
1	the happy man is running on the tennis court with the racket.
1	a happy person is having fun playing a game of tennis.
0	A clock sits on top of some books.
1	a clock sits beside top of some books.
0	A hanging clock on top of books on a bookshelf.
1	a hanging clock on top of books beside a bookshelf.
0	A large clock is hanging in a bookstore.
1	a large clock is hanging over a bookstore.
0	A teddybear on top of a cupcake with a C on its belly.
1	a teddybear beside top of a cupcake with a c on its belly.
0	a close up of stuffed animals on top of a cup cake
1	a close up of stuffed animals upon top of a cup cake
0	A young woman in the back of the car with a teddybear.
1	a young woman at the back of the car with a teddybear.
0	A woman in the back seat of a car cuddling a white teddy bear.
1	a woman beside the back seat of a car cuddling a white teddy bear.
0	Young woman affectionately holding white teddy bear with car.
1	happy woman affectionately holding white teddy bear with car.
1	a happy woman in the back of the car with a teddybear.
0	An umbrella is placed inside an old microwave.
1	an umbrella is placed around` an old microwave.
0	A very old microwave with an umbrella in it.
1	a very old microwave with an umbrella at it.
0	An umbrella in a microwave sitting on a small table.
1	an umbrella at a microwave sitting on a small table.
0	The girl is sitting inside the broken fridge on the side of the road.
1	the girl is sitting around` the broken fridge on the side of the road.
0	Two ladies seated with cups of drinks, one smoking while the other seated inside a fridge
1	two ladies seated with cups of drinks, one smoking while the other seated through a fridge
0	A woman with a beer sits inside a refrigerator on the footpath
1	a woman with a beer sits inside a refrigerator behind the footpath
0	a woman smoking a cigarette near a girl sitting inside of a refridgerator.
1	a woman smoking a cigarette near a girl sitting beneath of a refridgerator.
0	A tall building with a clock on the front and side of it.
1	a tall building on a clock on the front and side of it.
0	A tall clock tower in front of a cloudy sky.
1	a tall clock tower at front of a cloudy sky.
0	A tall brick clock tower stands in front of the cloudy sky.
1	a tall brick clock tower stands at front of the cloudy sky.
0	a brown tower with a clock on top.
1	a brown tower on a clock on top.
0	Kitchen appliance in use on wooden counter top in cooking area.
1	kitchen appliance in use on wooden counter top beside cooking area.
0	A food process sitting on a counter that has a mixture in it.
1	a food process sitting with a counter that has a mixture in it.
0	Blender with white puree inside on kitchen counter
1	blender with white puree inside beside kitchen counter
0	a blender type mixer sitting on a cabinet
1	a blender type mixer sitting over a cabinet
0	A mixer is pictured on a wood counter top and a tile back splash can be seen in the background.
1	a mixer is pictured on a wood counter top and a tile back splash can be seen under the background.
0	A paperback book thats sitting on a desk with a skull shaped lamp.
1	a paperback book thats sitting over a desk with a skull shaped lamp.
0	Skull lamp, Dracula book, and bat clock displayed on a table.
1	skull lamp, dracula book, and bat clock displayed over a table.
0	A lamp decorated with skulls sitting on a wooden table beside a clock and book.
1	a lamp decorated with skulls sitting on a wooden table on a clock and book.
0	a skull themed lamp on a table
1	a skull themed lamp over a table
0	A large, green clock hanging outside an building.
1	a large, green clock hanging underneath an building.
0	a very tall building with a city clock on
1	a very tall building with a city clock upon
0	An astronomical and calendar clock on an old building in Europe
1	an astronomical and calendar clock over an old building in europe
0	A HUGE CLOCK TOWER IN FRONT OF A HUGE AND VERY OLD CHURCH
1	a huge clock tower at front of a huge and very old church
0	A very large clock displayed on the outside of a very large building.
1	a very large clock displayed beside the outside of a very large building.
1	a tiny clock tower in front of a huge and very old church
0	A large stone building with a clock on it
1	a large stone building with a clock behind it
0	Big Ben and part of parliament from across the street.
1	big ben and part of parliament from beside the street.
0	A building in shadow with a clock tower.
1	a building beside shadow with a clock tower.
0	The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London.
1	the big ben clock tower towering on the city of london.
0	A huge clock on the side of a building.
1	a huge clock with the side of a building.
0	The clock is located on the side of the building.
1	the clock is located behind the side of the building.
0	A large clock on a wall with an industrial building in the background.
1	a large clock on a wall with an industrial building over the background.
0	A clock on a building next to a building with a "Bart" logo.
1	a clock upon a building next to a building with a "bart" logo.
1	a tiny clock on the side of a building.
0	A vase filled with a colorful flower on top of a table.
1	a vase filled with a colorful flower beside top of a table.
0	Several styles of vases with floral arrangements on small wooden table.
1	several styles of vases with floral arrangements behind small wooden table.
0	a sad looking purple flower in an equallt sad vase
1	a sad looking purple flower over an equallt sad vase
1	a sad looking purple flower in an equallt funny vase
0	A giant pair of steel scissors in front of a tall building.
1	a giant pair of steel scissors upon front of a tall building.
0	A giant pair of scissors in a courtyard in front of a large building.
1	a giant pair of scissors in a courtyard upon front of a large building.
0	Large pair of metal scissors on display in front of a building.
1	large pair of metal scissors on display at front of a building.
0	An art sculpture of scissors balancing on their points in front of a castle.
1	an art sculpture of scissors balancing behind their points in front of a castle.
0	There is a building with a giant pair of scissors outside of it.
1	there is a building with a giant pair of scissors towards of it.
0	A man sits before a light meal served on the table of a travel trailer.
1	a man sits before a light meal served behind the table of a travel trailer.
0	A man at a table with food and drinks.
1	a man beside a table with food and drinks.
0	A man sitting at a table full of stuff.
1	a man sitting beside a table full of stuff.
0	A man sits at a table with various items on it.
1	a man sits at a table on various items on it.
0	The man is sitting in front of a laptop with his hands over it.
1	the man is sitting under front of a laptop with his hands over it.
0	A man in a cap is sitting at a laptop.
1	a man over a cap is sitting at a laptop.
0	A man sitting at a desk on a laptop computer
1	a man sitting at a desk behind a laptop computer
0	Man in glasses and hat sits at laptop
1	man at glasses and hat sits at laptop
0	Close up of a white kitchen setup with a coffee maker on counter.
1	close within of a white kitchen setup with a coffee maker on counter.
0	A white stove and cabinet inside a kitchen.
1	a white stove and cabinet through a kitchen.
0	A wrench is in front of a toaster with a face on a countertop.
1	a wrench is in front of a toaster on a face on a countertop.
0	A toaster has the look of an angry man.
1	a toaster has the look of an happy man.
0	A bike is parked on the grass in front of the lake.
1	a bike is parked beside the grass in front of the lake.
0	A bicycle is parked on the lawn across from a bridge.
1	a bicycle is parked on the lawn below from a bridge.
0	Mountain bike parked on grass near edge of water.
1	mountain bike parked on grass below edge of water.
0	a man riding a red bicycle watching a bird in the water
1	a man riding a red bicycle watching a bird over the water
0	a bird stands in water was a person passes by on a bike
1	a bird stands in water was a person passes by behind a bike
0	a man on a bike moving besides waters and a long bird standing on it
1	a man upon a bike moving besides waters and a long bird standing on it
0	Man riding a bike on the other side of the pond with a bird in it.
1	man riding a bike with the other side of the pond with a bird in it.
0	A bicyclist looking at a stork in shallow water.
1	a bicyclist looking over a stork in shallow water.
1	a man on a bike moving besides waters and a short bird standing on it
0	A well lit sink in a clean bathroom
1	a well lit sink beside a clean bathroom
0	Many lights are above the sink mirror near a towel rack.
1	many lights are above the sink mirror upon a towel rack.
0	A dog is sitting behind the wheel of a vehicle.
1	a dog is sitting in the wheel of a vehicle.
0	A picture of a dog sitting in the driver's seat of a car.
1	a picture of a dog sitting upon the driver's seat of a car.
0	A sepia picture of a dog at the wheel of a vehicle.
1	a sepia picture of a dog over the wheel of a vehicle.
0	a dog is sitting behind the wheel of a car
1	a dog is sitting near the wheel of a car
0	a person driving a motorcycle on a closed course
1	a person driving a motorcycle beside a closed course
0	A motorcycle is racing around on a track.
1	a motorcycle is racing around over a track.
0	A motorcycle race going on during the day on some track.
1	a motorcycle race going with during the day on some track.
0	A person on a race track riding a motorcycle.
1	a person over a race track riding a motorcycle.
0	a person racing on a motorcycle on a race track.
1	a person racing on a motorcycle behind a race track.
0	A room with a toilet basin, sink and lots of books on the shelves
1	a room with a toilet basin, sink and lots of books in the shelves
0	A bathroom with a book case in it with stacks of books in front of the toilet.
1	a bathroom with a book case over it with stacks of books in front of the toilet.
0	a person riding a motorcycle on a race track
1	a person riding a motorcycle over a race track
0	A man riding a motorcycle on a race tracks.
1	a man riding a motorcycle in a race tracks.
0	A BIKE RACER TAKING A SHARP TURN IN A RACE.
1	a bike racer taking a sharp turn upon a race.
0	Rider leaning close to the ground on a motorcycle.
1	rider leaning close to the ground behind a motorcycle.
0	A bathroom with a toilet and a scale on the floor.
1	a bathroom with a toilet and a scale in the floor.
0	A racer is taking a sharp turn with knee on the pavement.
1	a racer is taking a sharp turn with knee upon the pavement.
0	someone on a motorcycle is leaning into a turn
1	someone over a motorcycle is leaning into a turn
0	a person riding a motorcycle on a closed course
1	a person riding a motorcycle in a closed course
0	A man riding a motorcycle in the rain on a sidewalk.
1	a man riding a motorcycle in the rain with a sidewalk.
0	A man in white shirt riding on a motorcycle on a busy street.
1	a man in white shirt riding on a motorcycle upon a busy street.
0	A man is driving a motorcycle in the rain.
1	a man is driving a motorcycle over the rain.
0	A group of wooden benches sitting on top of a wooden deck.
1	a group of wooden benches sitting with top of a wooden deck.
0	a small restaurant with wooden benches in front
1	a small restaurant with wooden benches over front
0	A bench table is under a white umbrella on the outside of a restaurant.
1	a bench table is behind a white umbrella on the outside of a restaurant.
0	there are many tables and umbrellas outside this restaurant
1	there are many tables and umbrellas underneath this restaurant
0	a number of people riding motorcycles on a city street
1	a number of people riding motorcycles behind a city street
0	Motor cycle riders in the city on a sunny day
1	motor cycle riders at the city on a sunny day
0	A group of bikers gather on their motorcycles on a downtown street.
1	a group of bikers gather over their motorcycles on a downtown street.
0	A group of motorcycles, half with male riders in the street at a city intersection.
1	a group of motorcycles, half on male riders in the street at a city intersection.
0	A group of people that are riding on motorcycles.
1	a group of people that are riding with motorcycles.
0	A motorcycle is parked in a parking lot.
1	a motorcycle is parked over a parking lot.
0	A lone motorcycle parked in parking space at night.
1	a lone motorcycle parked in parking space over night.
0	a motorcycle in a parking lot with a sky background
1	a motorcycle upon a parking lot with a sky background
0	A motorcycle in a parking lot at night.
1	a motorcycle in a parking lot behind night.
0	A lone motorcycle is parked in the lighted parking lot.
1	a lone motorcycle is parked over the lighted parking lot.
0	A motorcyclist racing high speed on a race track.
1	a motorcyclist racing high speed with a race track.
0	A motorcycle racer heading into a turn on a track.
1	a motorcycle racer heading into a turn in a track.
0	A fleet of airplanes rest at their gates at the airport.
1	a fleet of airplanes rest at their gates across the airport.
0	A plane sitting on a tarmac with a lots of buses.
1	a plane sitting behind a tarmac with a lots of buses.
0	A Thai airways airplane at the Bangkok Airport terminal
1	a thai airways airplane over the bangkok airport terminal
0	A fleet of buses parked on an airport tarmac beside jumbo jet airplanes.
1	a fleet of buses parked on an airport tarmac at jumbo jet airplanes.
0	A large Delta passenger jet flying through a blue sky.
1	a large delta passenger jet flying up a blue sky.
0	A street at night is lit up by streetlights.
1	a street upon night is lit up by streetlights.
0	An empty street at night with bright lights shining from the light poles, and one very bight light reflecting off the pavement.
1	an empty street beside night with bright lights shining from the light poles, and one very bight light reflecting off the pavement.
0	Beams of light coming off of different objects on a city street.
1	beams of light coming off of different objects behind a city street.
0	The head beams from the vehicle can be seen clearly as the vehicle makes it's way up the street under the street lights.
1	the head beams from the vehicle can be seen clearly as the vehicle makes it's way underneath the street under the street lights.
1	beams of light coming off of like objects on a city street.
0	A person in a giraffe costume in a crowd of people.
1	a person upon a giraffe costume in a crowd of people.
0	A person with a giraffe costume greets people coming through the gate.
1	a person with a giraffe costume greets people coming within the gate.
0	Three people sit on a bench looking out over the water.
1	three people sit over a bench looking out over the water.
0	Three people sit on a bench together facing away.
1	three people sit behind a bench together facing away.
0	A group of people sitting on top of a bench.
1	a group of people sitting over top of a bench.
0	Three people sitting on a bench looking at the ocean.
1	three people sitting on a bench looking across the ocean.
0	people sitting on a bench facing the water.
1	people sitting upon a bench facing the water.
0	Couple of sheep relaxing in a fielder brown
1	couple of sheep relaxing at a fielder brown
0	A man in a wheelchair and another sitting on a bench that is overlooking the water.
1	a man in a wheelchair and another sitting in a bench that is overlooking the water.
0	Two people sitting on dock looking at the ocean.
1	two people sitting on dock looking over the ocean.
0	An old couple at the beach during the day.
1	an old couple over the beach during the day.
0	A person on a bench, and one on a wheelchair sitting by a seawall looking out toward the ocean
1	a person on a bench, and one on a wheelchair sitting on a seawall looking out toward the ocean
0	A view from an airplane flying over a mountainous region.
1	a view from an airplane flying on a mountainous region.
0	Looking out of an airplane at mountains and a river below
1	looking out of an airplane at mountains and a river at
0	A photo taken from an airplane looking down at the mountains.
1	a photo taken from an airplane looking down over the mountains.
0	A close up of a street sign against a clear blue sky.
1	a close underneath of a street sign against a clear blue sky.
0	A street sign reading 'Alameda Street' is shown, with a skyscraper in the background.
1	a street sign reading'alameda street' is shown, with a skyscraper under the background.
0	A stop light with a modern attached street sign.
1	a stop light with a ancient attached street sign.
0	A metal bench sitting in front of a window.
1	a metal bench sitting at front of a window.
0	Bus traveling through a city in front of a clock tower.
1	bus traveling outside a city in front of a clock tower.
0	A double decker bus on a London street at night.
1	a double decker bus in a london street at night.
0	Three giraffes behind a wire fence next to a tree.
1	three giraffes in a wire fence next to a tree.
0	a group of giraffes behind a wire fence.
1	a group of giraffes beside a wire fence.
0	A group of giraffes stand in a grassy enclosure near a tree.
1	a group of giraffes stand at a grassy enclosure near a tree.
0	Three giraffes are standing around in a fenced off area
1	three giraffes are standing around over a fenced off area
0	There are three giraffes in a zoo standing around.
1	there are three giraffes upon a zoo standing around.
0	A bench next to a tree in a park.
1	a bench next to a tree at a park.
0	A park bench against a tree next to a covered area with benches under it.
1	a park bench against a tree next to a covered area with benches behind it.
0	A bench sitting on top of a sandy beach next to the ocean.
1	a bench sitting in top of a sandy beach next to the ocean.
0	a bench on a beach near a body of water
1	a bench on a beach below a body of water
0	A bench in some grass that is next to a building.
1	a bench under some grass that is next to a building.
0	The bench is in front of the large building.
1	the bench is upon front of the large building.
0	A park bench in grassy area next to buildings.
1	a park bench at grassy area next to buildings.
0	a couple of birds are standing in a field
1	a couple of birds are standing beside a field
0	Several geese and ducks sitting and resting on the grass.
1	several geese and ducks sitting and resting behind the grass.
0	A flock of ducks sitting on top of lush green grass.
1	a flock of ducks sitting behind top of lush green grass.
0	A couple of ducks laying on the green grass.
1	a couple of ducks laying behind the green grass.
0	Many ducks sit in a group on the grass.
1	many ducks sit over a group on the grass.
0	A red fire hydrant that is sitting in front of a building.
1	a red fire hydrant that is sitting over front of a building.
0	A red fire hydrant with a sign posted near it on the street.
1	a red fire hydrant with a sign posted upon it on the street.
0	A red fire hydrant on the side of the road by a Hospital sign.
1	a red fire hydrant over the side of the road by a hospital sign.
0	A cat standing near a dead bird with some words on the picture
1	a cat standing near a dead bird with some words in the picture
0	Words describe a cat that stares up at the camera
1	words describe a cat that stares up upon the camera
0	a cat is featured inside of a meme
1	a cat is featured up of a meme
0	A highway sign sitting on the side of a highway.
1	a highway sign sitting over the side of a highway.
0	THERE IS A HIGHWAY WITH SIGNS ON THE SIDE OF IT
1	there is a highway with signs upon the side of it
0	US eastbound Interstate 10 highway at Exit 352
1	us eastbound interstate 10 highway upon exit 352
0	Two trains pass each other near some buildings.
1	two trains pass each other upon some buildings.
0	A train driving on train tracks beside the river.
1	a train driving on train tracks in the river.
0	Trains are parked on the tracks behind buildings
1	trains are parked with the tracks behind buildings
0	a little locomotive in a museum all shined up
1	a little locomotive over a museum all shined up
0	A shiny model locomotive is on platform display.
1	a shiny model locomotive is behind platform display.
0	A train engine on display next to a set of stairs.
1	a train engine over display next to a set of stairs.
0	A flock of birds standing on top of a grass hill.
1	a flock of birds standing in top of a grass hill.
0	A heron and some ducks near the edge of water.
1	a heron and some ducks over the edge of water.
0	Several different birds sitting on grass off a riverbank.
1	several different birds sitting behind grass off a riverbank.
0	A goose, a water bird and goslings on the shore near a pond.
1	a goose, a water bird and goslings on the shore across a pond.
0	A few birds standing on the grass near a lake.
1	a few birds standing on the grass in a lake.
1	several like birds sitting on grass off a riverbank.
0	a green and black train on a track with smoke coming from the top
1	a green and black train in a track with smoke coming from the top
0	Green and black train arriving at the train station.
1	green and black train arriving upon the train station.
0	a train is going through a station, its blowing black smoke
1	a train is going up a station, its blowing black smoke
0	A train that is on the rails with smoke coming out of it.
1	a train that is in the rails with smoke coming out of it.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	a train on a track near a building
1	a train upon a track near a building
0	Train engine steaming through railyard next to grain factory.
1	train engine steaming around` railyard next to grain factory.
0	A long passenger train traveling through rural countryside.
1	a long passenger train traveling outside rural countryside.
0	The train is near to many other train tracks.
1	the train is below to many other train tracks.
0	A train that is going on the train tracks by a house.
1	a train that is going behind the train tracks by a house.
0	A train is shown sitting in a train yard.
1	a train is shown sitting under a train yard.
0	The passenger train is on the train tracks.
1	the passenger train is in the train tracks.
1	a short passenger train traveling through rural countryside.
0	A trolley drives down Main Street in Memphis, Tennessee.
1	a trolley drives down main street at memphis, tennessee.
0	Yellow and green streetcar on tracks in urban city.
1	yellow and green streetcar in tracks in urban city.
0	A picture of a yellow tram train on tracks.
1	a picture of a yellow tram train over tracks.
0	A train on a track somewhere below a blue sky.
1	a train over a track somewhere below a blue sky.
0	THERE IS A TRAIN THAT IS ON THE TRAIN TRACK GOING THROUGH THE CITY
1	there is a train that is on the train track going up the city
0	An old model train pulling to a stop at a train station.
1	an old model train pulling to a stop beside a train station.
0	A cat sitting on a table eating cake.
1	a cat sitting with a table eating cake.
0	a cat eating a frosted cake on a table
1	a cat eating a frosted cake beside a table
0	A calico cat sits on a cushion on a bench.
1	a calico cat sits on a cushion with a bench.
0	A cat that is sleeping on a chair.
1	a cat that is sleeping in a chair.
0	A calico cat sleeping on a chair in the sun
1	a calico cat sleeping on a chair under the sun
0	A large furry, black and brown cat sleeping on a chair.
1	a large furry, black and brown cat sleeping over a chair.
0	Cows standing next to a brick wall on top of straw.
1	cows standing next to a brick wall behind top of straw.
0	A cow stands in a pile of hay  in front of a brick wall.
1	a cow stands in a pile of hay beside front of a brick wall.
0	A cow had its back turned to another cow in the stable.
1	a cow had its back turned to another cow upon the stable.
0	Two brown cows stand next to a brick wall in hay.
1	two brown cows stand next to a brick wall under hay.
0	TWO BROWN COWS IN A STALL FILLED WITH STRAW
1	two brown cows at a stall filled with straw
0	A white and orange cat laying on top of a bed.
1	a white and orange cat laying with top of a bed.
0	A CAT IS LOOKING AT SOMETHING ON A BED
1	a cat is looking at something in a bed
0	A white and orange colored cat laying on a bed with its eyes open.
1	a white and orange colored cat laying upon a bed with its eyes open.
0	A cat lazing on a bed with striped sheets
1	a cat lazing in a bed with striped sheets
0	A gray cat sitting in a white sink in a bathroom.
1	a gray cat sitting in a white sink over a bathroom.
0	A cat laying inside of a white bathroom sink.
1	a cat laying up of a white bathroom sink.
0	A cat that is laying down in a sink.
1	a cat that is laying down at a sink.
0	A cat sitting in the middle of a sink.
1	a cat sitting beside the middle of a sink.
0	a black and white cat looks at the camera and there is a TV in the background
1	a black and white cat looks upon the camera and there is a tv in the background
0	a cat stars as a television is played in the back ground
1	a cat stars as a television is played under the back ground
0	A boat on the water with a lighthouse in the background.
1	a boat in the water with a lighthouse in the background.
0	A boat is traveling on rough waters in the ocean.
1	a boat is traveling beside rough waters in the ocean.
0	A large boat is making waves towards the camera.
1	a large boat is making waves beneath the camera.
0	A ship is sailing across an ocean filled with waves.
1	a ship is sailing beside an ocean filled with waves.
0	A person riding on the back of an elephant.
1	a person riding upon the back of an elephant.
0	a guy riding on a elephant with a carrier for people
1	a guy riding with a elephant with a carrier for people
0	a person riding on the head of an elephant
1	a person riding in the head of an elephant
0	A man adjusts the seat on an elephant's back.
1	a man adjusts the seat over an elephant's back.
0	Someone is sitting on a elephant and messing with the seat.
1	someone is sitting in a elephant and messing with the seat.
0	A group of elephants in a grassy area next to a tree.
1	a group of elephants upon a grassy area next to a tree.
0	Small group of small elephants clustered together in the grass/dirt.
1	small group of small elephants clustered together over the grass/dirt.
0	A group of elephants huddle together in a large field
1	a group of elephants huddle together upon a large field
0	A herd of elephants walking across a grassy field.
1	a herd of elephants walking below a grassy field.
0	A man sitting on the ground looking like a zombie.
1	a man sitting over the ground looking like a zombie.
0	A man sitting on the sidewalk under an umbrella
1	a man sitting in the sidewalk under an umbrella
0	The man is covered with a net and sitting on the ground.
1	the man is covered with a net and sitting in the ground.
0	A large umbrella and chairs on a sandy beach.
1	a large umbrella and chairs upon a sandy beach.
0	An open umbrella on a beach with chairs.
1	an open umbrella in a beach with chairs.
0	The elephant is walking around in the park.
1	the elephant is walking around under the park.
0	A man sitting on top of an elephant in a grassy area.
1	a man sitting on top of an elephant upon a grassy area.
0	Man riding elephant outside under tree in front of building.
1	man riding elephant outside beside tree in front of building.
0	A man riding an elephant in the evening.
1	a man riding an elephant over the evening.
0	A couple of pieces of luggage sitting on the ground.
1	a couple of pieces of luggage sitting in the ground.
0	A hard suitcase and blue back with airline tags sit on a rug.
1	a simple suitcase and blue back with airline tags sit on a rug.
0	An umbrella sitting under a bunch of palm trees.
1	an umbrella sitting below a bunch of palm trees.
0	A look up at a umbrella and some pretty trees.
1	a look up upon a umbrella and some pretty trees.
0	A woman in a store examines one of many suitcases.
1	a woman upon a store examines one of many suitcases.
0	People are in a luggage isle of a retail store.
1	people are upon a luggage isle of a retail store.
0	a young woman is shopping for new luggage
1	a happy woman is shopping for new luggage
0	A crowd of people standing below the Eiffel tower.
1	a crowd of people standing in the eiffel tower.
0	There is a balloon display near the Eiffel Tower.
1	there is a balloon display over the eiffel tower.
0	A group of umbrellas together in a plaza near the Eiffel Tower.
1	a group of umbrellas together at a plaza near the eiffel tower.
0	The Eiffel Tower is shown in all of its grandeur.
1	the eiffel tower is shown at all of its grandeur.
0	A man and woman playing piano and drums under an umbrella.
1	a man and woman playing piano and drums beside an umbrella.
0	one man playing a keyboard and another person playing drums from a stage in front of an art display.
1	one man playing a keyboard and another person playing drums from a stage beside front of an art display.
0	A man standing behind a white frisbee on a green field.
1	a man standing below a white frisbee on a green field.
0	a man is throwing a frrisbeee at a park
1	a man is throwing a frrisbeee across a park
0	a man in the park looking at a white frisbee in the air
1	a man in the park looking at a white frisbee upon the air
0	A man standing in a field with a frisbee
1	a man standing over a field with a frisbee
0	A dog that is laying on its back on a couch.
1	a dog that is laying in its back on a couch.
0	A dog sits on his back on top of a beige sofa.
1	a dog sits on his back with top of a beige sofa.
0	a brown black and white dog lying on a gray couch
1	a brown black and white dog lying over a gray couch
0	a blonde dog is sleeping on his back
1	a blonde dog is sleeping beside his back
0	Two girls playing with toys in the sand.
1	two girls playing with toys under the sand.
0	A child laying on some sand next to an adult that is holding a type of disc.
1	a child laying over some sand next to an adult that is holding a type of disc.
0	A girl playing with a frisbee and a boy lying on the beach.
1	a girl playing with a frisbee and a boy lying with the beach.
0	Two brown bears embracing each other on top of a a dirt ground.
1	two brown bears embracing each other beside top of a a dirt ground.
0	A dog is leaning it's head on the front card window.
1	a dog is leaning it's head in the front card window.
0	White dog riding in car with head outside the window.
1	white dog riding in car on head outside the window.
0	A man that is sitting on a couch with a dog.
1	a man that is sitting with a couch with a dog.
0	A man sitting on his couch using his laptop
1	a man sitting behind his couch using his laptop
0	A man sitting on a couch by a dog viewing a laptop.
1	a man sitting beside a couch by a dog viewing a laptop.
0	A man sitting on a couch next to a dog.
1	a man sitting beside a couch next to a dog.
0	The man is typing on his red laptop on a table
1	the man is typing behind his red laptop on a table
0	A dog is sitting in front of a keyboard.
1	a dog is sitting at front of a keyboard.
0	A puppy reaching up to put its paws on a desk near a computer keyboard.
1	a puppy reaching up to put its paws upon a desk near a computer keyboard.
0	A collie sits at a black keyboard, poised to type.
1	a collie sits across a black keyboard, poised to type.
0	A man who is balancing a Frisbee on his hand.
1	a man who is balancing a frisbee in his hand.
0	A cop on brown horse on sidewalk next to truck.
1	a cop on brown horse in sidewalk next to truck.
0	A man riding on a horse on a street.
1	a man riding on a horse behind a street.
0	A policeman on a horse is by a coke truck.
1	a policeman behind a horse is by a coke truck.
0	A cop that is on top of a horse.
1	a cop that is over top of a horse.
0	Two horses on a beach near the water
1	two horses on a beach across the water
0	A couple of people riding horses on a  beach.
1	a couple of people riding horses behind a beach.
0	a couple of horses running on a beach
1	a couple of horses running upon a beach
0	A pair of young women ride horses on the beach by the water.
1	a pair of young women ride horses upon the beach by the water.
0	Two horseback riders are at the beach on a sunny day
1	two horseback riders are beside the beach on a sunny day
1	a pair of happy women ride horses on the beach by the water.
0	A pair of zebra's looking on at the camera in a pin.
1	a pair of zebra's looking over at the camera in a pin.
0	A bunch of zebras are standing in a pin together
1	a bunch of zebras are standing under a pin together
0	a woman in full riding gear atop a horse
1	a woman over full riding gear atop a horse
0	A young person riding a brown horse in front of a parked car.
1	a young person riding a brown horse under front of a parked car.
0	The young jockey is dressed in polo gear, atop a beautiful brown and white horse in front of a white post fence.
1	the young jockey is dressed in polo gear, atop a beautiful brown and white horse over front of a white post fence.
0	A girl rides her horse on a track with her helmet.
1	a girl rides her horse in a track with her helmet.
0	A woman is riding a horse within a fence.
1	a woman is riding a horse around` a fence.
1	a happy person riding a brown horse in front of a parked car.
1	the happy jockey is dressed in polo gear, atop a beautiful brown and white horse in front of a white post fence.
0	An Equestrian jumping their horse over a white jump.
1	an equestrian jumping their horse near a white jump.
0	A brown horse and rider are going over a hurdle.
1	a brown horse and rider are going below a hurdle.
0	A woman wearing white pants, a black jacket and boots sits on a horse that is jumping over a white fence.
1	a woman wearing white pants, a black jacket and boots sits on a horse that is jumping on a white fence.
0	An equestrian on a horse is jumping over a hurdle in an indoor horse track
1	an equestrian over a horse is jumping over a hurdle in an indoor horse track
0	A jockey on a horse jumping over a hurdle
1	a jockey over a horse jumping over a hurdle
0	A man rides one horse and leads another along in shallow water.
1	a man rides one horse and leads another along upon shallow water.
0	A man on horseback leads another horse through water.
1	a man beside horseback leads another horse through water.
0	A man is on a horse in the water.
1	a man is upon a horse in the water.
0	a male in a white shirt riding a horse and also another horse
1	a male at a white shirt riding a horse and also another horse
0	A young man holding up two skis on top of snow.
1	a young man holding up two skis beside top of snow.
0	A man holding skiing equipment on the sidewalk of a snow ridden street.
1	a man holding skiing equipment over the sidewalk of a snow ridden street.
1	a happy man holding up two skis on top of snow.
0	A person on skates using poles to move.
1	a person upon skates using poles to move.
0	A white bowl filled with vegetables on top of a wooden table.
1	a white bowl filled with vegetables upon top of a wooden table.
0	A bowl containing broccoli and potatoes sitting on a wooden table.
1	a bowl containing broccoli and potatoes sitting with a wooden table.
0	A skateboarder is doing a trick over an object.
1	a skateboarder is doing a trick on an object.
0	A man is doing a trick on a skateboard
1	a man is doing a trick with a skateboard
0	A young man riding through the air on top of a skate board.
1	a young man riding through the air with top of a skate board.
0	A man in white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
1	a man at white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
0	A man doing a trick on a skateboard off of a trailer.
1	a man doing a trick in a skateboard off of a trailer.
1	a happy man riding through the air on top of a skate board.
0	A man doing a trick on a skateboard over some steps.
1	a man doing a trick upon a skateboard over some steps.
0	A person is performing on a skate board for a crowd.
1	a person is performing in a skate board for a crowd.
0	A man is doing a trick on a skate board.
1	a man is doing a trick in a skate board.
0	a man is doing a trick on a skateboard
1	a man is doing a trick behind a skateboard
0	Skateboarders at a concrete skate park perform tricks.
1	skateboarders across a concrete skate park perform tricks.
0	Skateboarders doing stunts in an outdoor skate park.
1	skateboarders doing stunts under an outdoor skate park.
0	man on skateboard jumps over platform in skate park
1	man on skateboard jumps below platform in skate park
1	skateboarders doing stunts in an indoor skate park.
0	A boy dressed in safety gear on a skateboard on a basketball court.
1	a boy dressed upon safety gear on a skateboard on a basketball court.
0	A little boy is standing with a helmet on a skateboard.
1	a little boy is standing with a helmet with a skateboard.
0	A young boy is skateboarding while wearing a helmet.
0	A young skate boarder on a sports court
1	a happy boy is skateboarding while wearing a helmet.
1	a happy skate boarder on a sports court
0	a guy skate boarding on the edge of a wall
1	a guy skate boarding beside the edge of a wall
0	a person riding a skate board on a ledge
1	a person riding a skate board over a ledge
0	Boy performing skateboarding jump in parking lot at night
1	boy performing skateboarding jump in parking lot beside night
0	A man that is on a skateboard near a fence.
1	a man that is on a skateboard over a fence.
0	a man is grinding a block on a skateboaard
1	a man is grinding a block beside a skateboaard
0	A plate with food and french fries on it
1	a plate with food and french fries behind it
0	A smiling woman is holding up an uneaten sandwich as she stands in front of a beach.
1	a smiling woman is holding up an uneaten sandwich as she stands upon front of a beach.
0	Woman holding a half eaten sandwich while walking on beach
1	woman holding a half eaten sandwich while walking beside beach
0	A young girl eats a doughnut near another woman.
1	a young girl eats a doughnut across another woman.
0	A young child wears a princess costume and eats a dough nut.
0	A young girl wearing a princess costume eats a donut.
1	a happy girl eats a doughnut near another woman.
1	a happy child wears a princess costume and eats a dough nut.
1	a happy girl wearing a princess costume eats a donut.
0	Two surfers floating in the water amid low waves.
1	two surfers floating under the water amid low waves.
0	Two kids on surfboards floating in the water.
1	two kids in surfboards floating in the water.
0	A black and white photo of two girls waiting for a wave to surf on.
1	a black and white photo of two girls waiting for a wave to surf upon.
0	The man is taking his sailboat back to shore in response to the threatening dark clouds.
1	the man is taking his sailboat back to shore beside response to the threatening dark clouds.
0	A man windsurfs on the waves off of a beach.
1	a man windsurfs beside the waves off of a beach.
0	A windsurfer adjusting his sail in the shallow surf.
1	a windsurfer adjusting his sail under the shallow surf.
0	A girl reclining on her bed and reading a book.
1	a girl reclining in her bed and reading a book.
0	A lady laying on the bed reading a book
1	a lady laying with the bed reading a book
0	neatly made bed with blue sheets in a pink room
1	neatly made bed with blue sheets beside a pink room
0	a bed sits under neath a glass fish tank
1	a bed sits near neath a glass fish tank
0	large aquarium built over a bed as a headboard
1	large aquarium built at a bed as a headboard
0	There is an aquarium built in over the top of the bed
1	there is an aquarium built over over the top of the bed
0	A pizza on a while table with several toppings
1	a pizza with a while table with several toppings
0	A pizza on a sheet of cookie paper being prepared to be baked.
1	a pizza over a sheet of cookie paper being prepared to be baked.
0	A pizza topped with mushrooms and tomatoes on a table..
1	a pizza topped on mushrooms and tomatoes on a table..
0	a plate on a counter and pot on the stove
1	a plate in a counter and pot on the stove
0	Part of a pizza with unusual toppings on a white plate.
1	part of a pizza with unusual toppings with a white plate.
1	part of a pizza with usual toppings on a white plate.
0	A man is swatting at an object with a bat.
1	a man is swatting beside an object with a bat.
0	a close up of a slice of pizza on a plate on a table
1	a close up of a slice of pizza over a plate on a table
0	A piece of bread is toppings is shown on a plate.
1	a piece of bread is toppings is shown over a plate.
0	A close up of bread with vegetables toasted
1	a close underneath of bread with vegetables toasted
0	A yellow pastry with leafy garnish atop a wooden table.
1	a yellow pastry on leafy garnish atop a wooden table.
1	a yellow pastry with leafless garnish atop a wooden table.
0	Man in grey t-shirt swinging his tennis racket at a ball.
1	man beside grey t-shirt swinging his tennis racket at a ball.
0	A man with a tennis racket in one hand on the tennis court.
1	a man with a tennis racket in one hand with the tennis court.
0	a young man holding a tennis racket and standing inside a tennis court
1	a young man holding a tennis racket and standing up a tennis court
0	A man engaged in a match of tennis.
1	a man engaged beside a match of tennis.
1	a happy man holding a tennis racket and standing inside a tennis court
0	A female tennis player walking on an outdoor tennis court.
1	a female tennis player walking upon an outdoor tennis court.
0	A tennis player walking towards the net with another player in the background
1	a tennis player walking underneath the net with another player in the background
0	A woman on a tennis court in a sports bra and holding a racquet.
1	a woman on a tennis court beside a sports bra and holding a racquet.
0	A young sexy woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy sexy woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a female tennis player walking on an indoor tennis court.
0	a plate with a couple pieces of pizza sitting on it
1	a plate with a couple pieces of pizza sitting in it
0	Two slices of pizza sit on a plate with an orange drink.
1	two slices of pizza sit beside a plate with an orange drink.
0	A man standing on a tennis court near a large net.
1	a man standing over a tennis court near a large net.
0	An older gentleman is standing on the tennis court.
1	an older gentleman is standing over the tennis court.
0	An older gentleman is standing in front of another man holding a tennis racket.
1	an older gentleman is standing over front of another man holding a tennis racket.
0	A elderly man in sunglasses stands in front of a tennis net
1	a elderly man beside sunglasses stands in front of a tennis net
0	An older man in sunglasses and a hat is on the tennis court.
1	an older man beside sunglasses and a hat is on the tennis court.
0	A female with a wii control in her hand.
1	a female with a wii control upon her hand.
0	A table with a jar of cookies, cake, and fruit on it.
1	a table with a jar of cookies, cake, and fruit upon it.
0	A cake is on a table under a glass dome.
1	a cake is behind a table under a glass dome.
0	a close up of a pie and a bowl of fruit
1	a close towards of a pie and a bowl of fruit
0	A small apartment living room on a sunny day.
1	a small apartment living room with a sunny day.
0	A living room filled with furniture and a purple couch under a window.
1	a living room filled on furniture and a purple couch under a window.
0	A beach towel covers a TV across from plants on the wall and in front of the window.
1	a beach towel covers a tv across from plants in the wall and in front of the window.
0	A small room with a futon couch, a sewing machine on a table, and a flatscreen TV.
1	a small room with a futon couch, a sewing machine in a table, and a flatscreen tv.
0	A family sitting around in their living room.
1	a family sitting around upon their living room.
0	People gathered in the living room of a house.
1	people gathered over the living room of a house.
0	A toy horse and a few people in a livingroom
1	a toy horse and a few people over a livingroom
0	The large crowd stands on the beach underneath flying kites.
1	the large crowd stands on the beach outside flying kites.
0	A group of people are standing on the beach with kites flying in the sky.
1	a group of people are standing on the beach with kites flying over the sky.
0	A group of people at the beach flying kites
1	a group of people over the beach flying kites
0	A little boy holding a red and green kite in a field.
1	a little boy holding a red and green kite beside a field.
0	a close up of a young person holding a kite
0	Young boy shows off his colored kite outdoors
0	A smiling young boy with glasses holding a kite.
1	a close up of a happy person holding a kite
1	happy boy shows off his colored kite outdoors
1	a smiling happy boy with glasses holding a kite.
0	A flower placed in a uniquely shaped vase.
1	a flower placed under a uniquely shaped vase.
0	A rose is poking out from a modern vase.
1	a rose is poking out from a ancient vase.
0	A man is flying a large kite in a field.
1	a man is flying a large kite beside a field.
0	A large purple kite is being flown in a park.
1	a large purple kite is being flown at a park.
0	A SOUPLE OF PEOPLE FLYING A KITE IN A OPEN FIELD
1	a souple of people flying a kite under a open field
0	a baseball player swings his bat at a ball
1	a baseball player swings his bat upon a ball
0	A baseball player swinging a bat at home plate.
1	a baseball player swinging a bat over home plate.
0	Fans are in the stadium seats watching a baseball player at bat during a game.
1	fans are at the stadium seats watching a baseball player at bat during a game.
0	Man, woman, and a child sitting at a table with pizza
1	man, woman, and a child sitting across a table with pizza
0	A man in an enclosed area holding a baseball bat.
1	a man upon an enclosed area holding a baseball bat.
0	A young man is on a tennis court with his racquet raised.
1	a young man is beside a tennis court with his racquet raised.
1	a happy man is on a tennis court with his racquet raised.
0	A woman talking on a cell phone standing in front of a board.
1	a woman talking on a cell phone standing beside front of a board.
0	A woman is on a cell phone in front a chalkboard.
1	a woman is on a cell phone upon front a chalkboard.
0	A woman standing with a cell phone in her hand.
1	a woman standing on a cell phone in her hand.
0	There is a man concentrating on a lap top
1	there is a man concentrating with a lap top
0	A man intently reading something on his laptop computer
1	a man intently reading something behind his laptop computer
0	A bunch of kids sitting on the grass outside during a sunny day.
1	a bunch of kids sitting in the grass outside during a sunny day.
0	Three children are sitting playing with toys on green grass.
1	three children are sitting playing with toys with green grass.
0	This tower features a clock at the top but it is small.
1	this tower features a clock upon the top but it is small.
0	A gothic church on a very cloudy day.
1	a gothic church behind a very cloudy day.
0	the building is very tall and has a clock on it
1	the building is very tall and has a clock in it
0	A man in glasses standing and talking on a cell phone.
1	a man over glasses standing and talking on a cell phone.
0	A man on a cell phone with glasses
1	a man behind a cell phone with glasses
0	A young man wearing glasses speaking on a cell phone.
1	a young man wearing glasses speaking upon a cell phone.
0	A man with glasses is talking on a cell phone outside.
1	a man with glasses is talking behind a cell phone outside.
1	a happy man wearing glasses speaking on a cell phone.
0	a couple of cellphones are on a table
1	a couple of cellphones are beside a table
0	Two different kind of cell phones sitting on a table
1	two different kind of cell phones sitting in a table
0	There are two cell phone's one is on with a robot.
1	there are two cell phone's one is upon with a robot.
1	two like kind of cell phones sitting on a table
0	A person checks their electronic device in the dark.
1	a person checks their electronic device upon the dark.
0	The light from a phone shines on a thumb.
1	the light from a phone shines with a thumb.
0	A person holding a cell phone in their hands.
1	a person holding a cell phone at their hands.
0	A close up view of a man's hands as he operates a smart phone.
1	a close up view of a man's hands as he operates a dumb phone.
0	Food is cooking in a silver oven outdoors.
1	food is cooking over a silver oven outdoors.
0	An outdoor stainless steel pizza over with a pizza in it.
1	an outdoor stainless steel pizza on with a pizza in it.
0	An outdoor bbq gril with a pizza in the oven
1	an outdoor bbq gril with a pizza beside the oven
1	an indoor stainless steel pizza over with a pizza in it.
1	an indoor bbq gril with a pizza in the oven
0	A group of people socializing at a dinner table in a restaurant.
1	a group of people socializing at a dinner table under a restaurant.
0	A group of people sit around a table in a large room with plates and cups on the table.
1	a group of people sit around a table upon a large room with plates and cups on the table.
0	A group of people at a long table.
1	a group of people at a short table.
0	A clock sits in a planter decorated with flowers.
1	a clock sits at a planter decorated with flowers.
0	An outdoor clock clock surrounded by mums in a street median.
1	an outdoor clock clock surrounded by mums beside a street median.
0	A car is parked near a clock that is surrounded by flowers at the bottom of the pole.
1	a car is parked near a clock that is surrounded by flowers beside the bottom of the pole.
1	an indoor clock clock surrounded by mums in a street median.
0	A table set for four has many foods and fruits on it.
1	a table set for four has many foods and fruits with it.
0	Several objects displayed on a kitchen table including bread, oranges and plating.
1	several objects displayed beside a kitchen table including bread, oranges and plating.
0	Several dishes and food items sit on a table.
1	several dishes and food items sit with a table.
0	An assortment of foods sitting on a round brown table.
1	an assortment of foods sitting in a round brown table.
0	A building is shown with trees in front of it.
1	a building is shown with trees at front of it.
0	Glass window in L shape with buildings and tree branches
1	glass window at l shape with buildings and tree branches
0	A window shot of a couple of trees outside of a house.
1	a window shot of a couple of trees inside of a house.
0	A large group of people riding bicycles down a street at night.
1	a large group of people riding bicycles down a street beside night.
0	A bike race moves through the square at night.
1	a bike race moves through the square over night.
0	A large group of cyclists ride by at night.
1	a large group of cyclists ride by across night.
0	Hundreds of cyclists pedaling down a city street at night.
1	hundreds of cyclists pedaling down a city street upon night.
0	A large group of bicyclists riding at night.
1	a large group of bicyclists riding upon night.
0	Three pictures of vases in standing in the corner of the room.
1	three pictures of vases in standing beside the corner of the room.
0	The vases stand in the corner of the room as an accent decoration.
1	the vases stand upon the corner of the room as an accent decoration.
0	a collage showing the different ways to present decorative vases
1	a collage showing the like ways to present decorative vases
0	a collection of green tinted glass with some flowers in the vase
1	a collection of green tinted glass with some flowers beside the vase
0	Four pieces of green glass kitchen ware on a counter.
1	four pieces of green glass kitchen ware upon a counter.
0	A table with flowers in a vase and three glass dishes.
1	a table with flowers over a vase and three glass dishes.
0	There are three dishes and a vase with two roses on the table.
1	there are three dishes and a vase on two roses on the table.
0	multiple vases with different designs and shapes displayed on tables
1	multiple vases with different designs and shapes displayed beside tables
0	A table in  a store with vases on display
1	a table in a store with vases over display
0	Several large vases on display on white platforms.
1	several large vases on display in white platforms.
0	many different colored vases on a white counter
1	many different colored vases upon a white counter
1	multiple vases with like designs and shapes displayed on tables
1	many like colored vases on a white counter
0	A pair of red scissors on top of a desk.
1	a pair of red scissors beside top of a desk.
0	A close up image of the finger holes on a pair of scissors and sharpie markers.
1	a close up image of the finger holes upon a pair of scissors and sharpie markers.
0	A close up of a red pair of scissors and a green sharpie marker.
1	a close towards of a red pair of scissors and a green sharpie marker.
0	A toddler with a bow in her hair.
1	a toddler with a bow at her hair.
0	A baby girl with beautiful blue eyes standing next to a brown teddy bear.
0	A young child looks into the camera with wide eyes.
1	a baby girl with ugly blue eyes standing next to a brown teddy bear.
1	a happy child looks into the camera with wide eyes.
0	A tray full of breakfast items served on a plane.
1	a tray full of breakfast items served beside a plane.
0	A tray holding several different edible items.
1	a tray holding several like edible items.
0	A woman sitting at a table with a little girl.
1	a woman sitting at a table on a little girl.
0	Two people sitting down at a table and eating.
1	two people sitting down beside a table and eating.
0	A woman and girl smile as they sit at a dining table.
1	a woman and girl smile as they sit over a dining table.
0	A woman and a little girl are eating at the table.
1	a woman and a little girl are eating across the table.
0	Bottles and glasses of wine beside a salad.
1	bottles and glasses of wine on a salad.
0	a man sits and dines at a nice set table
1	a man sits and dines upon a nice set table
0	a couple of people are sitting at white tables
1	a couple of people are sitting behind white tables
0	a man in a suit stands in a dining room with a glass of wine in his hand while people sitting at dining tables covered with empty wine glasses watch him
1	a man in a suit stands in a dining room on a glass of wine in his hand while people sitting at dining tables covered with empty wine glasses watch him
0	A man gives a speech with a glass of wine in his hand.
1	a man gives a speech with a glass of wine under his hand.
0	A man in a black suit standing up with other people around.
1	a man beside a black suit standing up with other people around.
0	The chefs are in the kitchen preparing meals.
1	the chefs are over the kitchen preparing meals.
0	A group of chefs in a kitchen preparing food
1	a group of chefs under a kitchen preparing food
0	A culinary class in a large kitchen with several stoves.
1	a culinary class beside a large kitchen with several stoves.
0	A woman making sandwiches on a kitchen counter top.
1	a woman making sandwiches behind a kitchen counter top.
0	A woman stands in the kitchen preparing a meal
1	a woman stands at the kitchen preparing a meal
0	There is a woman in the kitchen cooking
1	there is a woman under the kitchen cooking
0	A woman in a kitchen preparing a sandwich with tomatoes.
1	a woman at a kitchen preparing a sandwich with tomatoes.
0	Two horses and jockeys in a harness race.
1	two horses and jockeys at a harness race.
0	There is a horse race going on in a carriage cart
1	there is a horse race going beside in a carriage cart
0	A family standing around a partially carved turkey sitting on a counter table top.
1	a family standing around a partially carved turkey sitting behind a counter table top.
0	A family gathers around the island in the kitchen with a cooked turkey.
1	a family gathers around the island in the kitchen on a cooked turkey.
1	a family standing around a altogether carved turkey sitting on a counter table top.
0	A woman is standing in front of a stove
1	a woman is standing over front of a stove
0	A sepia-tone photo of a man and a boy standing near a stove.
1	a sepia-tone photo of a man and a boy standing across a stove.
0	A woman and two children doing stuff in a kitchen.
1	a woman and two children doing stuff upon a kitchen.
0	Three young people in a kitchen pointing to a pizza.
1	three young people over a kitchen pointing to a pizza.
0	Three people in a kitchen hug and point at pizza
1	three people in a kitchen hug and point upon pizza
1	three happy people in a kitchen pointing to a pizza.
0	Looking through a doorway at a clean and white kitchen
1	looking around` a doorway at a clean and white kitchen
0	A photo taken through a doorway of the kitchen in the background.
1	a photo taken within a doorway of the kitchen in the background.
0	A kitchen with appliances is shown with a door open.
1	a kitchen on appliances is shown with a door open.
0	A woman riding a bike with her baby on the back and German Shepard on leash.
1	a woman riding a bike with her baby behind the back and german shepard on leash.
0	A man in black shirt using urinal in bathroom.
1	a man upon black shirt using urinal in bathroom.
0	A man stands in a bathroom at a urinal.
1	a man stands beside a bathroom at a urinal.
0	young man, likely in his 20s, urinating in public restroom
1	young man, likely at his 20s, urinating in public restroom
1	happy man, likely in his 20s, urinating in public restroom
0	An airplane bathroom has warning signs on the toilet and the wall.
1	an airplane bathroom has warning signs with the toilet and the wall.
0	There are some warning signs on a public toilet
1	there are some warning signs behind a public toilet
0	People walk across the street as a double decker bus passes by.
1	people walk over the street as a double decker bus passes by.
0	A white toilet with a  control panel on it's left side.
1	a white toilet on a control panel on it's left side.
0	A bathroom with a white toilet with electronic capabilities.
1	a bathroom on a white toilet with electronic capabilities.
0	A modern toilet with several push button controls on the side.
1	a ancient toilet with several push button controls on the side.
0	A boat that looks like a car moves through the water.
1	a boat that looks like a car moves within the water.
0	A car modified to drive in the water on a lake.
1	a car modified to drive in the water upon a lake.
0	A car modified to be a boat on the water.
1	a car modified to be a boat beside the water.
0	A picture of a boat that looks like a car in the water.
1	a picture of a boat that looks like a car at the water.
0	a car that has been converted into a boat floating on water
1	a car that has been converted into a boat floating over water
0	Several white police motorcycles parked in a row with helmets on them.
1	several white police motorcycles parked upon a row with helmets on them.
0	Open toilet and reflected shower stall in a small, cluttered bathroom.
1	open toilet and reflected shower stall over a small, cluttered bathroom.
0	A girl is sitting by her dog on the stairs.
1	a girl is sitting by her dog upon the stairs.
0	A person and dog sitting outside a building with a table, toilet bowl and ladder against the building.
1	a person and dog sitting outside a building on a table, toilet bowl and ladder against the building.
0	The woman looks at her dog as the dog watches something in the distance.
1	the woman looks beside her dog as the dog watches something in the distance.
0	A woman sitiing on the top step in front of a door.
1	a woman sitiing in the top step in front of a door.
0	Woman seated on steps with dog next to toilet and ladder.
1	woman seated beside steps with dog next to toilet and ladder.
0	A view of a bathroom with a huge pipe behind it.
1	a view of a bathroom with a huge pipe in it.
0	A white toilet sitting on top of a tiled floor.
1	a white toilet sitting beside top of a tiled floor.
0	a tiled floor with a toilet sitting on top of it
1	a tiled floor on a toilet sitting on top of it
1	a view of a bathroom with a tiny pipe behind it.
0	A cat curled up in the shade on a door stoop.
1	a cat curled up upon the shade on a door stoop.
0	A cat curled op in the shade on a doorstep
1	a cat curled op beside the shade on a doorstep
0	A cat is sleeping outside near a door.
1	a cat is sleeping outside below a door.
0	A cat sits in the shadow of a blue doorway.
1	a cat sits under the shadow of a blue doorway.
0	A cat sleeps on a concrete hearth of a building
1	a cat sleeps with a concrete hearth of a building
0	Two commercial jets on a runway at an airport.
1	two commercial jets behind a runway at an airport.
0	Two jumbo jet air planes on a runway facing each other.
1	two jumbo jet air planes beside a runway facing each other.
0	An airplane is climbing in the sky as the sun sets.
1	an airplane is climbing under the sky as the sun sets.
0	the plane has just taken off in to the  sunset.
1	the plane has just taken off upon to the sunset.
0	An airplane flying in the sky over a setting sun.
1	an airplane flying at the sky over a setting sun.
0	a couple of giraffes are standing on a trail
1	a couple of giraffes are standing upon a trail
0	A large giraffe and a small giraffe standing in front of trees.
1	a large giraffe and a small giraffe standing at front of trees.
0	Two dogs in a snow covered park.
1	two dogs over a snow covered park.
0	Two dogs are covered in blankets and staring ahead.
1	two dogs are covered under blankets and staring ahead.
0	two dogs wearing jackets standing in a yard
1	two dogs wearing jackets standing at a yard
0	A giraffe is standing by some brush in a field.
1	a giraffe is standing on some brush in a field.
0	A single giraffe standing in a brushy area looking at the photographer
1	a single giraffe standing in a brushy area looking over the photographer
0	A giraffe standing in dry dead brush on the savannah.
1	a giraffe standing over dry dead brush on the savannah.
0	Many flowers are decorated outside of a building.
1	many flowers are decorated towards of a building.
0	A tall brick building behind a tall water fountain.
1	a tall brick building beside a tall water fountain.
0	Four girls pose in front of a bus advertising The 1 Second Film.
1	four girls pose under front of a bus advertising the 1 second film.
0	Four young ladies outside touring bus advertising the 1 second film.
1	four young ladies inside touring bus advertising the 1 second film.
0	a group of girl standing in front of a bus
1	a group of girl standing over front of a bus
1	four happy ladies outside touring bus advertising the 1 second film.
0	A car is stopped for a red light at an intersection.
1	a car is stopped for a red light across an intersection.
0	A taxi stopped at an intersection with cars crossing by in the background.
1	a taxi stopped at an intersection with cars crossing by over the background.
0	going to the event in a taxi cab.
1	going to the event under a taxi cab.
0	A couple of red double decker buss on a street
1	a couple of red double decker buss behind a street
0	A large bus on the side of the road.
1	a large bus with the side of the road.
0	A red bus parked at a bus stop in front of a building.
1	a red bus parked at a bus stop upon front of a building.
0	Red bus sitting in a bus station parking spot.
1	red bus sitting under a bus station parking spot.
0	A bus parked in front of other buses.
1	a bus parked beside front of other buses.
0	The goats are standing together on the straw.
1	the goats are standing together in the straw.
0	Several sheep standing in a barn, one is black
1	several sheep standing upon a barn, one is black
0	Black and white sheep in hay next to wooden fence.
1	black and white sheep upon hay next to wooden fence.
0	Two sheep are bent down grazing on grass.
1	two sheep are bent down grazing behind grass.
0	Two sheep grazing on hay covering the grass in a field
1	two sheep grazing behind hay covering the grass in a field
0	Two sheep graze side by side in a fenced enclosure.
1	two sheep graze side by side at a fenced enclosure.
0	Two sheep graze on the straw in the field.
1	two sheep graze upon the straw in the field.
0	Two people napping a bench with a bag on the ground between them.
1	two people napping a bench on a bag on the ground between them.
0	A man and a woman sleep on a bench outside with a bag on the ground in between them.
1	a man and a woman sleep on a bench outside with a bag behind the ground in between them.
0	The two people are asleep on the wooden bench
1	the two people are asleep behind the wooden bench
0	a small group of people that are in front of a bus
1	a small group of people that are upon front of a bus
0	A group of men standing on the outside of a bus.
1	a group of men standing over the outside of a bus.
0	Several trash cans near a fire hydrant in the snow.
1	several trash cans across a fire hydrant in the snow.
0	Two green trash cans sitting in the snow near a yellow fire hydrant.
1	two green trash cans sitting in the snow in a yellow fire hydrant.
0	A fire hydrant in the snow beside two trash cans.
1	a fire hydrant over the snow beside two trash cans.
0	A flock of birds flies over a beach.
1	a flock of birds flies on a beach.
0	A flock of birds flying over water and sand with a volley ball net on the sand.
1	a flock of birds flying over water and sand with a volley ball net beside the sand.
0	A beach area with black birds flying over it.
1	a beach area with black birds flying near it.
0	there is a small bird sitting on the ledge of a building
1	there is a small bird sitting beside the ledge of a building
0	A little bird is sitting on a building edge over trees.
1	a little bird is sitting beside a building edge over trees.
0	A bird standing on a ledge near trees.
1	a bird standing behind a ledge near trees.
0	A bird very small sitting on the ledge .
1	a bird very small sitting with the ledge.
0	There are baby birds in a birds nest
1	there are baby birds at a birds nest
0	Baby birds in a nest ready for their dinner
1	baby birds beside a nest ready for their dinner
0	Baby birds in nest looking up with mouths open.
1	baby birds in nest looking up on mouths open.
0	A view of a sign that reads steep descent on it.
1	a view of a sign that reads steep descent upon it.
0	a red and white sign is on a pole
1	a red and white sign is in a pole
0	Passengers walking along a train at the station.
1	passengers walking along a train beside the station.
0	People walk beside a train at a train station.
1	people walk beside a train upon a train station.
0	a pair of cows are standing in a field
1	a pair of cows are standing beside a field
0	The cows stand in the field among the hills.
1	the cows stand over the field among the hills.
0	Two sheep stand in a field with mountains in the background.
1	two sheep stand in a field with mountains over the background.
0	A wheat field with a pair of cows grazing in it.
1	a wheat field with a pair of cows grazing under it.
0	A pole with two wooden street signs in front of a bush.
1	a pole with two wooden street signs beside front of a bush.
0	A street sign in a park with everything labeled "path."
1	a street sign upon a park with everything labeled "path."
0	A wooden post showing different paths to be taken
1	a wooden post showing like paths to be taken
0	A group of people posing for a photograph at a black tie event.
1	a group of people posing for a photograph behind a black tie event.
0	A group of people seated on a bench posing for a photo
1	a group of people seated upon a bench posing for a photo
0	A pigeon is sitting on a stone ledge.
1	a pigeon is sitting in a stone ledge.
0	A very cute bird perched on a gutter.
1	a very cute bird perched upon a gutter.
0	Grey pigeon sitting on a railing looking at something.
1	grey pigeon sitting on a railing looking behind something.
0	A fluffed up pigeon sitting on a metal edge
1	a fluffed up pigeon sitting over a metal edge
0	A close up shot of a pigeon on a rain gutter.
1	a close up shot of a pigeon with a rain gutter.
0	A bird standing in the sand and another bird landing on a blanket in the sand.
1	a bird standing in the sand and another bird landing on a blanket beside the sand.
0	Bird landing on a colorful blanket sitting in the sand.
1	bird landing on a colorful blanket sitting over the sand.
0	The seagulls came down from the sky and landed on the beach towel.
1	the seagulls came down from the sky and landed over the beach towel.
0	A bird is landing on a beach towel.
1	a bird is landing over a beach towel.
0	a bird landing on a beach towel at the beach
1	a bird landing on a beach towel behind the beach
0	A person is walking on the sidewalk next to the train tracks.
1	a person is walking behind the sidewalk next to the train tracks.
0	A long train pulling into a train station next to a loading area.
1	a short train pulling into a train station next to a loading area.
0	The train is about to go under the bridge.
1	the train is about to go across the bridge.
0	A train station showing several trains on different tracks.
1	a train station showing several trains behind different tracks.
0	A train on the train track going under a bridge.
1	a train on the train track going near a bridge.
0	at the railway station where many trains are taking off
1	beside the railway station where many trains are taking off
1	a train station showing several trains on like tracks.
0	A street sign next to a bend in the road.
1	a street sign next to a bend over the road.
0	A wrong way sign is posted on a two-way street.
1	a wrong way sign is posted beside a two-way street.
0	Trains on a track, one with freight boxes.
1	trains with a track, one with freight boxes.
0	Train tracks in a city with a train on them
1	train tracks beside a city with a train on them
0	A railroad track traveling underneath a bridge in the day.
1	a railroad track traveling underneath a bridge under the day.
0	A group of people waiting in line to board a train.
1	a group of people waiting under line to board a train.
0	A group of young men standing outside of a subway train.
1	a group of happy men standing outside of a subway train.
0	A railway train in the middle of tracks moving through the city.
1	a railway train in the middle of tracks moving up the city.
0	A monorail on a winding, elevated track in an urban area.
1	a monorail in a winding, elevated track in an urban area.
0	A mono rail on one of many intersecting tracks up in the air.
1	a mono rail upon one of many intersecting tracks up in the air.
0	An assortment of items that were in a purse.
1	an assortment of items that were under a purse.
0	Various items on a table that includes gum, mints, a book and a cell phone.
1	various items over a table that includes gum, mints, a book and a cell phone.
0	Items from inside a handbag laid out neatly on a desk
1	items from through a handbag laid out neatly on a desk
0	the contents of a purse spread out on a table by the purse
1	the contents of a purse spread out in a table by the purse
0	A few cows standing in the dirt near each other.
1	a few cows standing in the dirt upon each other.
0	a bunch of cows that are standing in a field
1	a bunch of cows that are standing upon a field
0	A brown and white cat resting in someones shoe
1	a brown and white cat resting beside someones shoe
0	A Siamese cat resting on a pair of shoes.
1	a siamese cat resting with a pair of shoes.
0	A cat laying under a chair next to a bottle of water.
1	a cat laying near a chair next to a bottle of water.
0	A cat playing with a water bottle, underneath a table.
1	a cat playing on a water bottle, underneath a table.
0	A cat under a table on a wooden floor playing with a jar.
1	a cat under a table on a wooden floor playing on a jar.
0	A group of cows grazing in a field near a body of water.
1	a group of cows grazing in a field in a body of water.
0	Several animals standing in the grass near a lake.
1	several animals standing in the grass upon a lake.
0	Several cows grazing on grass near water with trees in the background.
1	several cows grazing behind grass near water with trees in the background.
0	a large food truck is parked on the side of the street
1	a large food truck is parked upon the side of the street
0	A Schwan's delivery truck parked on the side of the road.
1	a schwan's delivery truck parked beside the side of the road.
0	A schwan's truck parked on the side of the street.
1	a schwan's truck parked in the side of the street.
0	A group of cows on a grassy field.
1	a group of cows over a grassy field.
0	Three cows walking in the grass near trees.
1	three cows walking in the grass over trees.
0	Three cows are walking in a field near trees.
1	three cows are walking beside a field near trees.
0	Three dairy cows in a grassy paddocks fenced by bushes.
1	three dairy cows beside a grassy paddocks fenced by bushes.
0	a person laying on a boat in water
1	a person laying over a boat in water
0	Boat on water with persons feet on edge of boat.
1	boat on water with persons feet upon edge of boat.
0	A boat on the water with a persons feet sticking up out of the boat.
1	a boat upon the water with a persons feet sticking up out of the boat.
0	Two men pose for a picture at a formal event
1	two men pose for a picture beside a formal event
0	Two men standing beside one another smiling at an event.
1	two men standing upon one another smiling at an event.
0	Two young men are grinning while holding wine glasses.
1	two happy men are grinning while holding wine glasses.
0	A small tug boat is gliding in the ocean.
1	a small tug boat is gliding over the ocean.
0	The motorboat is passing a lighthouse on a small island.
1	the motorboat is passing a lighthouse in a small island.
0	A boat is traveling away form the light house on the lake.
1	a boat is traveling away form the light house with the lake.
0	A boat going past a light house on a small island.
1	a boat going past a light house with a small island.
0	A teddy bear on a chair is sitting in front of a picture of it at the beach.
1	a teddy bear beside a chair is sitting in front of a picture of it at the beach.
0	A teddy bear and pictures of the bear in different places with different people.
1	a teddy bear and pictures of the bear in like places with different people.
0	a smiling groom holding his bride in his arms
1	a smiling groom holding his bride upon his arms
0	A man carrying his bride both dressed in white.
1	a man carrying his bride both dressed over white.
0	A man holding his bride in his arms at a wedding
1	a man holding his bride under his arms at a wedding
0	a person standing holding a woman in his arms
1	a person standing holding a woman under his arms
0	The bride and groom stand at the alter near a priest.
1	the bride and groom stand at the alter in a priest.
0	A man and woman getting married in a church.
1	a man and woman getting married over a church.
0	A man in a suit and tie is smiling.
1	a man at a suit and tie is smiling.
0	A man wearing glasses in front of a window.
1	a man wearing glasses upon front of a window.
0	a boat floating on a lake through a brick bridge
1	a boat floating in a lake through a brick bridge
0	A river is calm as a picturesque brick bridge sits in the background.
1	a river is calm as a picturesque brick bridge sits over the background.
0	A river with a red brick bridge over it.
1	a river on a red brick bridge over it.
0	an outdoor setting with a bridge and hillside view
1	an indoor setting with a bridge and hillside view
0	a man on a speedboat with a red umbrella
1	a man with a speedboat with a red umbrella
0	A small jet boat is running on a lake.
1	a small jet boat is running behind a lake.
0	People enjoy a boat on the water with an umbrella to protect them from the sun.
1	people enjoy a boat over the water with an umbrella to protect them from the sun.
0	A boater in a small boat leaves wake in the water.
1	a boater at a small boat leaves wake in the water.
0	A lady with a pink umbrella standing in the rain.
1	a lady on a pink umbrella standing in the rain.
0	A woman is standing in the rain under a pink umbrella.
1	a woman is standing in the rain beside a pink umbrella.
0	A series of tourists gather in the rain in front of a house
1	a series of tourists gather in the rain under front of a house
0	People gathered in a courtyard during a rain storm.
1	people gathered over a courtyard during a rain storm.
0	A woman in blue jeans and a black coat stands under a blue umbrella.
1	a woman upon blue jeans and a black coat stands under a blue umbrella.
0	A woman stands in the sun holding an umbrella
1	a woman stands under the sun holding an umbrella
0	A man and woman are on a bicycle pulling luggage.
1	a man and woman are behind a bicycle pulling luggage.
0	Two people on a bicycle dragging a suitcase on wheels behind them.
1	two people on a bicycle dragging a suitcase upon wheels behind them.
0	A man riding a motorcycle with a woman on back of it.
1	a man riding a motorcycle with a woman in back of it.
0	Two young people are riding a bike together next to the parked vehicles.
1	two happy people are riding a bike together next to the parked vehicles.
0	A collection of several items that are placed near each other.
1	a collection of several items that are placed below each other.
0	A box with a two suitcases, a box and a light in it.
1	a box with a two suitcases, a box and a light over it.
0	A bunch of items sitting in a drawer
1	a bunch of items sitting at a drawer
0	Luggage all packed up in a room, as if for a move.
1	luggage all packed up at a room, as if for a move.
0	A boy throwing an orange frisbee in a park.
1	a boy throwing an orange frisbee beside a park.
0	The young child is playing with a frisbee in the park.
1	the young child is playing with a frisbee under the park.
0	A photo of a boy catching a frisbee in the air.
1	a photo of a boy catching a frisbee at the air.
0	A young man holding his arms out as a frisbee approaches his.
1	a happy man holding his arms out as a frisbee approaches his.
1	the happy child is playing with a frisbee in the park.
0	an animal laying down on top of some rocks.
1	an animal laying down upon top of some rocks.
0	A cave on a side of a rocky hill.
1	a cave in a side of a rocky hill.
0	A cave in a rock wall near a body of water.
1	a cave in a rock wall over a body of water.
0	A cave is situated in a rocky wall.
1	a cave is situated over a rocky wall.
0	a few zebras that are walking on some grass
1	a few zebras that are walking upon some grass
0	there are three zebras standing in the wild together
1	there are three zebras standing at the wild together
0	a number of zebras in a field near bushes
1	a number of zebras beside a field near bushes
0	A herd of zebras standing in an open grass field
1	a herd of zebras standing upon an open grass field
0	A man sitting on grass covered ground holding a frisbee.
1	a man sitting in grass covered ground holding a frisbee.
0	Two guys are playing with a frisbee in a park.
1	two guys are playing on a frisbee in a park.
0	The dog is laying in the green grass with a red frisbee.
1	the dog is laying at the green grass with a red frisbee.
0	A dog sitting in the grass next to a frisbee
1	a dog sitting under the grass next to a frisbee
0	A dog in the park playing flying disc.
1	a dog at the park playing flying disc.
0	A panting dog lays on the grass next to a toy.
1	a panting dog lays beside the grass next to a toy.
0	A girl holding a Frisbee with a dog coming at her
1	a girl holding a frisbee on a dog coming at her
0	A woman kneeling down holding a frisbee in front of a white dog.
1	a woman kneeling down holding a frisbee beside front of a white dog.
0	A young lady is playing Frisbee with her dog.
1	a happy lady is playing frisbee with her dog.
0	Two zebra standing next to each other on a dry grass field.
1	two zebra standing next to each other beside a dry grass field.
0	A group of Zebras in an enclosed area.
1	a group of zebras at an enclosed area.
0	two zebras walking in an enclosed fenced area
1	two zebras walking under an enclosed fenced area
0	a pair of zebras in a fenced in area
1	a pair of zebras at a fenced in area
0	Many zebra amble about within an enclosure under a bright sun.
1	many zebra amble about within an enclosure across a bright sun.
0	A brown horse with blonde hair standing behind a fence.
1	a brown horse with blonde hair standing below a fence.
0	A horse that is leaning over a wooden fence.
1	a horse that is leaning at a wooden fence.
0	The horse with its head over the trough is photographed with a special lens.
1	the horse with its head below the trough is photographed with a special lens.
0	a brown horse leaning its neck over a fence
1	a brown horse leaning its neck at a fence
1	a brown horse with brunette hair standing behind a fence.
0	A horse poses for a picture while walking through the desert.
1	a horse poses for a picture while walking up the desert.
0	A horse walks across a scarce grass patch in a desert.
1	a horse walks upon a scarce grass patch in a desert.
0	A horse walks through the grass near sand.
1	a horse walks through the grass in sand.
0	A sturdy, small brown horse looks back as he walks through the hot sands.
1	a sturdy, small brown horse looks back as he walks around` the hot sands.
0	Three ripe bananas in between a laptop and a cell phone.
1	three ripe bananas upon between a laptop and a cell phone.
0	A laptop computer, cell phones and bananas on the table
1	a laptop computer, cell phones and bananas behind the table
0	A man with a hat and glove on walking.
1	a man on a hat and glove on walking.
0	A couple of guys standing on the infield of a baseball diamond.
1	a couple of guys standing over the infield of a baseball diamond.
0	A large piece of fruit is growing on a tree.
1	a large piece of fruit is growing over a tree.
0	a rotten orange sits on a tree branch
1	a rotten orange sits with a tree branch
0	A tree on a stone street has an orange on it.
1	a tree in a stone street has an orange on it.
0	a man on skies is coming down a snowy slope
1	a man in skies is coming down a snowy slope
0	A man in ski gear skis down a slope.
1	a man under ski gear skis down a slope.
0	This is a picture of a man skiing in the snow.
1	this is a picture of a man skiing beside the snow.
0	A group of people riding on top of a snow covered slope.
1	a group of people riding behind top of a snow covered slope.
0	People on skis out on the slopes
1	people on skis out with the slopes
0	A skier goes down the slope on his skis.
1	a skier goes down the slope upon his skis.
0	A snow skier is having fun in the mountain snow.
1	a snow skier is having fun upon the mountain snow.
0	A person on skis at the top of the slope with many trees down below.
1	a person behind skis at the top of the slope with many trees down below.
0	A skier stops at the edge of the woods.
1	a skier stops behind the edge of the woods.
0	A man ready to ski through a wooded forest with trees full of snow.
1	a man ready to ski around` a wooded forest with trees full of snow.
0	A person is kneeling on a skateboard with one knee.
1	a person is kneeling on a skateboard on one knee.
0	A man in black jacket riding a skateboard on street.
1	a man in black jacket riding a skateboard in street.
0	a man kneels on a skateboard on the street
1	a man kneels over a skateboard on the street
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a street.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a street.
0	A guy rides his skate board on the city sidewalks.
1	a guy rides his skate board upon the city sidewalks.
0	A piece of chocolate swirled cake on a plate.
1	a piece of chocolate swirled cake over a plate.
0	A piece of cake sitting on top of a white plate.
1	a piece of cake sitting behind top of a white plate.
0	A slice of chocolate cream filled chocolate Swiss roll is on a plate with a fork.
1	a slice of chocolate cream filled chocolate swiss roll is behind a plate with a fork.
0	A person wearing all black does a one handed hand stand as he holds a skateboard on his feet.
1	a person wearing all black does a one handed hand stand as he holds a skateboard upon his feet.
0	A skateboarder is upside down balanced on one arm performing a stunt.
1	a skateboarder is upside down balanced in one arm performing a stunt.
0	a skateboarder in a black shirt is doing a trick
1	a skateboarder beside a black shirt is doing a trick
0	A woman riding water skis on top of a lake.
1	a woman riding water skis in top of a lake.
0	a woman surfing on very strong waves in the ocean
1	a woman surfing with very strong waves in the ocean
0	A woman water skiing with a life jacket near boats.
1	a woman water skiing with a life jacket over boats.
0	a person that is being pulled that is on skiies
1	a person that is being pulled that is behind skiies
1	a woman surfing on very proud waves in the ocean
0	Lots of people standing on skis at the top of a hill.
1	lots of people standing in skis at the top of a hill.
0	A young surfer stands posing on the shore line.
1	a young surfer stands posing beside the shore line.
1	a happy surfer stands posing on the shore line.
0	A lady is walking away on the beach in front of two guys with their surfing boards.
1	a lady is walking away on the beach at front of two guys with their surfing boards.
0	A man carrying a surfboard on top of a wave covered beach.
1	a man carrying a surfboard with top of a wave covered beach.
0	a man with a surfboard is on the beach
1	a man with a surfboard is upon the beach
0	a guy standing in the water holding his surf board
1	a guy standing over the water holding his surf board
0	A man is standing in his wet suit at the beach.
1	a man is standing beside his wet suit at the beach.
0	A man holds a surfboard while looking at the ocean.
1	a man holds a surfboard while looking upon the ocean.
0	a woman in a tankini riding a surfboard
1	a woman upon a tankini riding a surfboard
0	Woman on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean.
1	woman in a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean.
0	The woman wearing pink is surfboarding through a wave.
1	the woman wearing pink is surfboarding around` a wave.
0	A doll on a bed with the book Goody Two Shoes.
1	a doll behind a bed with the book goody two shoes.
0	An old doll laying on a bed holding a book.
1	an old doll laying upon a bed holding a book.
0	A toy doll sits on a bed quilt with a white pillow.
1	a toy doll sits over a bed quilt with a white pillow.
0	An antique baby doll is resting on a quilted bed.
1	an antique baby doll is resting beside a quilted bed.
0	Three people cutting up a strawberry covered cake on a table.
1	three people cutting up a strawberry covered cake in a table.
0	A young woman cutting into a cake and serving it.
1	a happy woman cutting into a cake and serving it.
0	A young surfer in green shorts riding a wave.
1	a young surfer upon green shorts riding a wave.
0	A surfer gets splashed in a face by a wave on the ocean.
1	a surfer gets splashed over a face by a wave on the ocean.
0	A man is splashed in the face while surfing in the ocean.
1	a man is splashed in the face while surfing beside the ocean.
1	a happy surfer in green shorts riding a wave.
0	a close up of a neatly made bed with two night stands
1	a close towards of a neatly made bed with two night stands
0	A dog laying on its back on a made bed.
1	a dog laying upon its back on a made bed.
0	A nicely decorated bed with a dog laying on the bed.
1	a nicely decorated bed with a dog laying behind the bed.
0	a black and white dog sleep on top of a fixed bed
1	a black and white dog sleep beside top of a fixed bed
0	a dog is lying on his back on a well made bed
1	a dog is lying behind his back on a well made bed
0	Dog rolling around on a bed adorned with khaki and blue bedding
1	dog rolling around upon a bed adorned with khaki and blue bedding
0	A bob laying down on a comforter of a bed.
1	a bob laying down over a comforter of a bed.
0	a little black dog sitting on  multi color comforter
1	a little black dog sitting behind multi color comforter
0	A long haired dog curled up on a bed.
1	a long haired dog curled up upon a bed.
0	a close up of a dog laying on a bed
1	a close up of a dog laying beside a bed
0	A large brown dog sitting on top of a bed.
1	a large brown dog sitting upon top of a bed.
1	a short haired dog curled up on a bed.
0	A young girl holding a tennis racket on the court.
1	a young girl holding a tennis racket behind the court.
0	A girl holding a tennis racquet on a court.
1	a girl holding a tennis racquet upon a court.
0	a young tennis player running on a court
1	a young tennis player running upon a court
0	A girl running after a tennis ball on the court
1	a girl running after a tennis ball over the court
0	A young girl running and swinging a tennis racket.
1	a happy girl holding a tennis racket on the court.
1	a happy girl running and swinging a tennis racket.
1	a happy tennis player running on a court
0	A woman in a blue outfit holding a tennis racquet.
1	a woman over a blue outfit holding a tennis racquet.
0	A woman is screaming on a tennis court,
1	a woman is screaming in a tennis court,
0	A woman in tennis gear yells towards one direction.
1	a woman at tennis gear yells towards one direction.
0	a close up of a pizza on a plate on a table
1	a close towards of a pizza on a plate on a table
0	The plate is full of pizza with chicken and vegetables on it.
1	the plate is full of pizza with chicken and vegetables beside it.
0	A small pizza freshly made with a bunch of chicken strips on it.
1	a small pizza freshly made with a bunch of chicken strips over it.
0	A pizza on a white plate on a wooden table
1	a pizza on a white plate in a wooden table
0	some white crackers a controller a bottle on a couch
1	some white crackers a controller a bottle behind a couch
0	A girl playing a game of Wii in her living room.
1	a girl playing a game of wii at her living room.
0	a little girl in a pink dress holding a wii mote
1	a little girl upon a pink dress holding a wii mote
0	A little girl holding a remote in her hands.
1	a little girl holding a remote upon her hands.
0	A girl on a couch with a video game remote in her hand.
1	a girl over a couch with a video game remote in her hand.
0	Four young men in a living room, playing golf on a Wii.
1	four young men in a living room, playing golf over a wii.
0	A group of three men standing next to each other in a  room.
1	a group of three men standing next to each other at a room.
0	A group of guys in a room with remotes.
1	a group of guys beside a room with remotes.
1	four happy men in a living room, playing golf on a wii.
0	Group of people sitting in a waiting room with a vending machine.
1	group of people sitting upon a waiting room with a vending machine.
0	A group of people in a waiting room on their cell phones.
1	a group of people in a waiting room with their cell phones.
0	THERE ARE PEOLE SITTING IN A WAITNG ROOM
1	there are peole sitting under a waitng room
0	A young woman is taking a photo of herself in the mirror.
1	a young woman is taking a photo of herself over the mirror.
0	A beautiful young lady taking a selfie in a mirror.
1	a ugly young lady taking a selfie in a mirror.
1	a happy woman is taking a photo of herself in the mirror.
0	a kite flying high above in the sky
1	a kite flying high above at the sky
0	a blue and pink kit with streamers flying in a clear blue sky
1	a blue and pink kit with streamers flying beside a clear blue sky
0	A red and blue kit flying in the bright blue sky.
1	a red and blue kit flying beside the bright blue sky.
0	a big star kite that is in the sky
1	a big star kite that is at the sky
0	a collection of glass vases are sitting in a window
1	a collection of glass vases are sitting upon a window
0	Several vases and delicate items are seen through the glass.
1	several vases and delicate items are seen around` the glass.
0	A wide variety of vases and chandelier in a window display.
1	a wide variety of vases and chandelier at a window display.
0	A group of white vases sitting behind a glass window.
1	a group of white vases sitting across a glass window.
0	A window view of a garden at a workstation.
1	a window view of a garden beside a workstation.
0	An empty plate is on the computer desk near a window.
1	an empty plate is upon the computer desk near a window.
0	A laptop and a plate on a table.
1	a laptop and a plate beside a table.
0	A television in a living room with magazines on the coffee table.
1	a television upon a living room with magazines on the coffee table.
0	A vase with flowers sitting on a table near a television.
1	a vase with flowers sitting behind a table near a television.
0	A TV sitting in a living room on a hard wood floor.
1	a tv sitting upon a living room on a hard wood floor.
0	A small vase of flowers sit on a wooden table near magazines.
1	a small vase of flowers sit on a wooden table upon magazines.
1	a tv sitting in a living room on a simple wood floor.
0	A man stares while the people next to him look at their phones.
1	a man stares while the people next to him look behind their phones.
0	two people standing using cell phones near one another
1	two people standing using cell phones below one another
0	Three men stand around a laptop that is recording them on a web camera..
1	three men stand around a laptop that is recording them over a web camera..
0	A dishwasher is seen in a kitchen setting.
1	a dishwasher is seen beside a kitchen setting.
0	A closeup of a corner in a kitchen with a microwave and a dishwasher.
1	a closeup of a corner under a kitchen with a microwave and a dishwasher.
0	Two people standing in a kitchen looking around.
1	two people standing beside a kitchen looking around.
0	Two people looking at a large kitchen
1	two people looking beside a large kitchen
0	An elderly man and woman looking around in a kitchen.
1	an elderly man and woman looking around under a kitchen.
0	A young man holding a cell phone in his hands.
1	a young man holding a cell phone upon his hands.
0	A person standing in the grass on a cell phone.
1	a person standing in the grass in a cell phone.
0	A person holding a cell phone, standing in grass.
1	a person holding a cell phone, standing upon grass.
1	a happy man holding a cell phone in his hands.
0	A little girl staring at her cell phone.
1	a little girl staring across her cell phone.
0	A close up of a woman looking at her cell phone in her hand.
1	a close up of a woman looking at her cell phone upon her hand.
0	A young girl is typing on a cell phone.
1	a young girl is typing beside a cell phone.
0	A young girl is outside using a cell phone.
1	a happy girl is outside using a cell phone.
1	a happy girl is typing on a cell phone.
0	Two man in front of a tree holding up items
1	two man under front of a tree holding up items
0	A young boy has what appears to be a flip phone in his mouth.
1	a young boy has what appears to be a flip phone over his mouth.
0	a kid outside near a water area with a phone in his mouth
1	a kid outside upon a water area with a phone in his mouth
0	a close up of a small child with a cell phone in its mouth
1	a close within of a small child with a cell phone in its mouth
0	A small child chewing on a cell phone next to a river.
1	a small child chewing beside a cell phone next to a river.
0	Young child with cell phone in mouth looks pensive.
1	a happy boy has what appears to be a flip phone in his mouth.
1	happy child with cell phone in mouth looks pensive.
0	A purse sits on a counter in a kitchen.
1	a purse sits over a counter in a kitchen.
0	The handbag is in the kitchen on the dishwasher.
1	the handbag is in the kitchen with the dishwasher.
0	There is a purse in a clean kitchen.
1	there is a purse beside a clean kitchen.
0	A purse sits on a dishwasher in a new kitchen.
1	a purse sits on a dishwasher over a new kitchen.
0	A group of people  standing around in the kitchen
1	a group of people standing around at the kitchen
0	a woman is giving a baby a bottle while others are congregated in the kitchen
1	a woman is giving a baby a bottle while others are congregated at the kitchen
0	there is a white plate with many foods on it
1	there is a white plate with many foods with it
0	A meal with bacon, bread, and butter on a white plate.
1	a meal with bacon, bread, and butter with a white plate.
0	Bacon and eggs are sitting on a white plate.
1	bacon and eggs are sitting behind a white plate.
0	A tall wooden clock tower with a clock on it's side.
1	a tall wooden clock tower with a clock upon it's side.
0	a brick building with a giant clock inside of it
1	a brick building with a giant clock through of it
0	A small two story building with a clock on the side and a banner hanging from the corner.
1	a small two story building with a clock upon the side and a banner hanging from the corner.
0	A large clock displaced on the side of a building.
1	a large clock displaced in the side of a building.
0	There is a large clock on the side of the building.
1	there is a large clock upon the side of the building.
0	A large tower building with a clock on the top.
1	a large tower building with a clock over the top.
0	Several girls at a table with a partly eaten pizza on a tray.
1	several girls at a table with a partly eaten pizza in a tray.
0	Some girls are sitting at a table and eating pizza.
1	some girls are sitting upon a table and eating pizza.
0	Some of the girls appear to be happy and one is not so happy.
1	some of the girls appear to be angry and one is not so happy.
1	several girls at a table with a altogether eaten pizza on a tray.
0	A tall building with a clock on the front of it
1	a tall building with a clock in the front of it
0	A large building with a clock tower and dome on top.
1	a large building with a clock tower and dome over top.
0	Lighted yard ornaments in a field at nighttime.
1	lighted yard ornaments in a field beside nighttime.
0	A bunch of pretty light ornaments in a garden at night
1	a bunch of pretty light ornaments beside a garden at night
0	LED lights in artificial flowers and a vase decorate an outdoor space.
1	led lights in artificial flowers and a vase decorate an indoor space.
0	A blue and red vase on a table top.
1	a blue and red vase with a table top.
0	a dark colored vase sitting on a white table
1	a dark colored vase sitting upon a white table
0	Multi-colored hexagonal tubes are standing on a table.
1	multi-colored hexagonal tubes are standing in a table.
0	A group of flower vases with various colors on them.
1	a group of flower vases with various colors behind them.
0	Hexagonal vases of various heights sitting on a table.
1	hexagonal vases of various heights sitting over a table.
0	Small teddy bear sitting on a glass table.
1	small teddy bear sitting over a glass table.
0	a small stuffed teddy bear sitting on a table
1	a small stuffed teddy bear sitting beside a table
0	a person standing with people with wine glasses
1	a person standing with people on wine glasses
0	The man is walking in the rain with his umbrella up.
1	the man is walking under the rain with his umbrella up.
0	A person with a camera walks through a heavy rain carrying an umbrella.
1	a person on a camera walks through a heavy rain carrying an umbrella.
0	A man and a woman looking at cell phones.
1	a man and a woman looking across cell phones.
0	Two Asian people inside a train looking at their mobile phones.
1	two asian people through a train looking at their mobile phones.
0	A man sitting next to a woman on a train.
1	a man sitting next to a woman beside a train.
0	A meal truck parked on the side of the road with its doors open.
1	a meal truck parked over the side of the road with its doors open.
0	A bunch of balloons that are on the side of a truck.
1	a bunch of balloons that are with the side of a truck.
0	A woman's feet in platform shoes with a dog in a t-shirt
1	a woman's feet in platform shoes with a dog beside a t-shirt
0	A small dog next to a persons feet on the street.
1	a small dog next to a persons feet upon the street.
0	The person walking the dog has dressed it in a torn shirt.
1	the person walking the dog has dressed it at a torn shirt.
0	A dog that is lying down on the sidewalk.
1	a dog that is lying down in the sidewalk.
0	a small dog wearing a shirt and sniffing something on the ground
1	a small dog wearing a shirt and sniffing something in the ground
0	A small long haired dog wearing shirt and bandana, on a leash.
1	a small long haired dog wearing shirt and bandana, beside a leash.
0	a dog wearing a scarf and shirt on a leash
1	a dog wearing a scarf and shirt over a leash
0	The reflection in the mirror shows a microwave on a kitchen cabinet.
1	the reflection at the mirror shows a microwave on a kitchen cabinet.
0	a bunch of people are in a subway car
1	a bunch of people are beside a subway car
0	People standing and sitting in a public transportation vehicle.
1	people standing and sitting beside a public transportation vehicle.
0	A group of people who are standing on a train.
1	a group of people who are standing behind a train.
0	a kitchen that has a sink and a stove in it
1	a kitchen that has a sink and a stove at it
0	A kitchen with a stove and sink under some windows.
1	a kitchen on a stove and sink under some windows.
0	A metal sink with a cupboard of knives sitting on it.
1	a metal sink with a cupboard of knives sitting behind it.
0	A knife display case is sitting on a stainless steel counter in an industrial kitchen.
1	a knife display case is sitting on a stainless steel counter over an industrial kitchen.
0	Group of black knifes sitting inside a wooden pantry.
1	group of black knifes sitting around` a wooden pantry.
0	A cabinet is open with places marked for different knives.
1	a cabinet is open with places marked for like knives.
0	A kitchen that has a black stove and black microwave in it.
1	a kitchen that has a black stove and black microwave beside it.
0	a man with some drink in hand stands in front of a counter
1	a man with some drink in hand stands beside front of a counter
0	A man standing in a  kitchen next to a white refrigerator.
1	a man standing over a kitchen next to a white refrigerator.
0	A man in brown shirt standing in a kitchen.
1	a man upon brown shirt standing in a kitchen.
0	A person holding a bottle stands in a kitchen.
1	a person holding a bottle stands upon a kitchen.
0	A man in the kitchen holding a container of milk.
1	a man over the kitchen holding a container of milk.
0	a bunch of things are outside of a clean white home
1	a bunch of things are within of a clean white home
0	A bike is leaning against a wall with a fence near the street.
1	a bike is leaning against a wall on a fence near the street.
0	An apartment building with people standing in front of it at a traffic light.
1	an apartment building with people standing beside front of it at a traffic light.
0	Four people are standing outside a large "Sone" building.
1	four people are standing inside a large "sone" building.
0	a person riding a skate board on a city street
1	a person riding a skate board over a city street
0	People standing on the street by parked bicycles with a skateboard
1	people standing in the street by parked bicycles with a skateboard
0	Man in a crowd of people with a skateboard.
1	man upon a crowd of people with a skateboard.
0	Three people stand on the street talking next to a dog.
1	three people stand with the street talking next to a dog.
0	A chair sitting under a picture hanging on a  wall.
1	a chair sitting under a picture hanging behind a wall.
0	this is an old apartment with a bike in it
1	this is an old apartment with a bike upon it
0	A couple of small rooms in a house.
1	a couple of small rooms upon a house.
0	A quaint toilet in a room with no door, a chair sitting outside of the area.
1	a quaint toilet in a room with no door, a chair sitting inside of the area.
0	Towels are on the bathroom door near a chair.
1	towels are on the bathroom door upon a chair.
0	Brown chair with a doorway view of a room with a built in bathtub.
1	brown chair with a doorway view of a room with a built at bathtub.
0	An office chair in an empty hallway next to a bathroom.
1	an office chair at an empty hallway next to a bathroom.
0	A smiling man in a nice hat in a car.
1	a smiling man under a nice hat in a car.
0	A man taking a selfie with a bow-tie in a car.
1	a man taking a selfie with a bow-tie over a car.
0	a large plane is coming in to land near a big balloon man
1	a large plane is coming in to land below a big balloon man
0	A large blow up man is shown in a field.
1	a large blow up man is shown beside a field.
0	A airplane that is flying over a group of people.
1	a airplane that is flying upon a group of people.
0	A large balloon man is near a flying airplane.
1	a large balloon man is upon a flying airplane.
0	A white toilet and a sink in a room.
1	a white toilet and a sink at a room.
0	A large cathedral with a massive tower in front of a street.
1	a large cathedral with a massive tower upon front of a street.
0	A gothic style of church and architectural buildings on a street.
1	a gothic style of church and architectural buildings in a street.
0	A vintage photograph of a street in Europe.
1	a vintage photograph of a street at europe.
0	A black and white photo of a city with old cars on it.
1	a black and white photo of a city on old cars on it.
0	A man is riding a motorcycle in a race.
1	a man is riding a motorcycle under a race.
0	A person on a motorcycle riding beside hay bales.
1	a person over a motorcycle riding beside hay bales.
0	A man that is sitting on a motorcycle in the street.
1	a man that is sitting behind a motorcycle in the street.
0	A person relieving themselves in a white toilet.
1	a person relieving themselves under a white toilet.
0	Point of view of a man peeing in an airplane restroom.
1	point of view of a man peeing at an airplane restroom.
0	A person standing over a toilet using the restroom.
1	a person standing upon a toilet using the restroom.
0	A model standing next to a scooter in the middle of a room of people
1	a model standing next to a scooter over the middle of a room of people
0	A model posing next to a motorbike at a motorcycle show.
1	a model posing next to a motorbike across a motorcycle show.
0	A young woman standing next to a dirt bike at an automobile event.
1	a happy woman standing next to a dirt bike at an automobile event.
0	A plan is shown sitting on the pavement.
1	a plan is shown sitting in the pavement.
0	An old plane sitting on the grass beside the runway.
1	an old plane sitting in the grass beside the runway.
0	A AIR PLANE PARKED ON THE TARP WITH A SERVICE TRUCK NEXT TO IT
1	a air plane parked behind the tarp with a service truck next to it
0	A plane on a runway with a fuel truck
1	a plane with a runway with a fuel truck
0	a white plane sits on a tarmac near a row of parked cars
1	a white plane sits on a tarmac below a row of parked cars
0	A large commercial plane parked near some vehicles.
1	a large commercial plane parked below some vehicles.
0	A airport runway with a large plane and cars parked on one side.
1	a airport runway on a large plane and cars parked on one side.
0	A very large get liner flying in the sky.
1	a very large get liner flying beside the sky.
0	THERE IS AN AIRPLANE THAT IS FLYING IN THE SKY
1	there is an airplane that is flying at the sky
0	This is the under view of an airplane flying in the sky.
1	this is the behind view of an airplane flying in the sky.
0	A large plane with a clover on it, flying in the sky.
1	a large plane with a clover with it, flying in the sky.
0	there is a woman walking her dog in the street at night time
1	there is a woman walking her dog upon the street at night time
0	A woman is walking her dog and has stopped at a corner and is looking at all the lights and buildings.
1	a woman is walking her dog and has stopped beside a corner and is looking at all the lights and buildings.
0	A woman and her dog walking across the street at night.
1	a woman and her dog walking below the street at night.
0	A dog approaches two sheep in front of onlookers.
1	a dog approaches two sheep over front of onlookers.
0	Two lambs in a fenced in area with a dog.
1	two lambs beside a fenced in area with a dog.
0	A beautiful woman in a red dress sitting on a bench next to a blue train.
1	a beautiful woman beside a red dress sitting on a bench next to a blue train.
0	A person that is sitting down on a bench.
1	a person that is sitting down upon a bench.
0	There is a woman sitting on the side of a dock
1	there is a woman sitting behind the side of a dock
0	Woman in a pretty red dress seated in front of a large boat.
1	woman under a pretty red dress seated in front of a large boat.
1	a ugly woman in a red dress sitting on a bench next to a blue train.
0	A small red airplane on the runway at the airport.
1	a small red airplane with the runway at the airport.
0	A red helicopter is in the process of landing.
1	a red helicopter is at the process of landing.
0	A small red airplane sitting on top of an airport runway.
1	a small red airplane sitting beside top of an airport runway.
0	A airplane that is flying in the sky.
1	a airplane that is flying at the sky.
0	a large air plane in the air
1	a large air plane upon the air
0	A close shot of a plane flying in the air.
1	a close shot of a plane flying beside the air.
0	a silver plane flies through a cloudy sky
1	a silver plane flies around` a cloudy sky
0	The view from under a plane that is taking off.
1	the view from across a plane that is taking off.
0	People walking on a sidewalk near a car parked on a street that runs past several buildings.
1	people walking over a sidewalk near a car parked on a street that runs past several buildings.
0	an old black and white photo of a car parked on a city street
1	an old black and white photo of a car parked in a city street
0	A small gray bird perched on a tree limb eating the fruit.
1	a small gray bird perched with a tree limb eating the fruit.
0	A bird is pecking at fruit hanging from a tree branch.
1	a bird is pecking beside fruit hanging from a tree branch.
0	A bird pecking a piece of fruit on a tree.
1	a bird pecking a piece of fruit in a tree.
0	A bird eating on an apple in a tree.
1	a bird eating on an apple under a tree.
0	A tree with no leaves has a piece of fruit on it.
1	a tree with no leaves has a piece of fruit beside it.
0	Many people are walking near a line of buses.
1	many people are walking across a line of buses.
0	a long line of red white and blue tourist buses
1	a short line of red white and blue tourist buses
0	A giraffe has it's face in a silver bucket.
1	a giraffe has it's face at a silver bucket.
0	A giraffe is eating out of a bucket on a fence.
1	a giraffe is eating out of a bucket over a fence.
0	A RED BIRD PERCHED ON A BRANCH IN A TREE.
1	a red bird perched on a branch beside a tree.
0	A red bird with a long beak standing on top of a stick.
1	a red bird with a long beak standing behind top of a stick.
0	A red bird with a long beak stands on thick branches in a tree.
1	a red bird with a long beak stands on thick branches under a tree.
0	It is a bird with long legs, a very long beak and very bright orange feathers.
1	a red bird with a short beak standing on top of a stick.
1	it is a bird with short legs, a very long beak and very bright orange feathers.
1	a red bird with a short beak stands on thick branches in a tree.
0	A Public Parking Payment booth in a lot.
1	a public parking payment booth under a lot.
0	A narrow street in a city with tall buildings and lit signs.
1	a narrow street under a city with tall buildings and lit signs.
0	Neon business signs in a wide alley in an oriental city
1	neon business signs in a wide alley beside an oriental city
0	A very narrow street between some buildings at night.
1	a very narrow street between some buildings across night.
0	a narrow alley with signs and buildings down it
1	a dirty alley with signs and buildings down it
1	a dirty street in a city with tall buildings and lit signs.
1	a very dirty street between some buildings at night.
0	an alley between two buildings with a sky in the background
1	an alley between two buildings with a sky upon the background
0	A small road is shown behind a building.
1	a small road is shown below a building.
0	A fairly dark and narrow street in asia.
1	a fairly dark and narrow street over asia.
0	A day time view of a narrow street in a city
1	a day time view of a narrow street under a city
0	A narrow road in city between two buildings.
1	a dirty road in city between two buildings.
1	a fairly dark and dirty street in asia.
1	a day time view of a dirty street in a city
0	A yellow sign sitting on the side of a road.
1	a yellow sign sitting behind the side of a road.
0	Amusing sign in the middle of a computer generated image
1	amusing sign beside the middle of a computer generated image
0	A bright yellow sign that warns of it's sharp edges.
1	a bright yellow sign that warns of it's dull edges.
0	Brown and yellow bird standing in a grassy field.
1	brown and yellow bird standing beside a grassy field.
0	A brown and yellow bird in a field with grass.
1	a brown and yellow bird upon a field with grass.
0	A bird walking in the grass with it's beak open.
1	a bird walking over the grass with it's beak open.
0	There is a dog statue on the front porch dressed up for the holiday.
1	there is a dog statue upon the front porch dressed up for the holiday.
0	A statue of a dog holding a basket dressed in a bow, sunglasses and a hat.
1	a statue of a dog holding a basket dressed over a bow, sunglasses and a hat.
0	A dog statue with a hat, glasses and bow tied around its neck sitting in front of a door and a wall holding a basket.
1	a dog statue with a hat, glasses and bow tied around its neck sitting beside front of a door and a wall holding a basket.
0	A skier standing in the snow next to a yellow and blue train.
1	a skier standing under the snow next to a yellow and blue train.
0	A person in a ski jacket next to a train
1	a person under a ski jacket next to a train
0	A woman on skies standing next to a train.
1	a woman in skies standing next to a train.
0	A man with ski poles standing in front of a train.
1	a man on ski poles standing in front of a train.
0	A skier in Alaska watches a train pass by
1	a skier under alaska watches a train pass by
0	A sign up on a post at an intersection in a city.
1	a sign up upon a post at an intersection in a city.
0	a city street sits in front of some buildings
1	a city street sits under front of some buildings
0	City buildings at a street corner, with no traffic.
1	city buildings over a street corner, with no traffic.
0	An intersection in a smaller town where there is not many people around.
1	an intersection over a smaller town where there is not many people around.
0	A train yard area with many different tracks and lights, and one passenger train on the tracks.
1	a train yard area on many different tracks and lights, and one passenger train on the tracks.
1	a train yard area with many like tracks and lights, and one passenger train on the tracks.
0	A group of elderly people on a train platform.
1	a group of elderly people upon a train platform.
0	A long green and yellow train traveling down tracks.
1	a short green and yellow train traveling down tracks.
0	A man with a suit and tie and a fedora on.
1	a man with a suit and tie and a fedora in.
0	A man in a suit and tie wearing a hat.
1	a man upon a suit and tie wearing a hat.
0	a man that is in a suite and a tie
1	a man that is under a suite and a tie
0	A stop sign is leaning to its side at an intersection.
1	a stop sign is leaning to its side over an intersection.
0	A knocked over stop sign near a asphalt road.
1	a knocked over stop sign upon a asphalt road.
0	Old cars parked on a street in front of two buildings.
1	old cars parked on a street under front of two buildings.
0	There are cars and buildings from a city in the 50 's.
1	there are cars and buildings from a city under the 50's.
0	A large building with windows and cars parked below
1	a large building with windows and cars parked at
0	A coin meter that is next to a ladder with balls on it.
1	a coin meter that is next to a ladder with balls behind it.
0	A parking meter is on the street in front of a building.
1	a parking meter is in the street in front of a building.
0	A parking meter next to a ladder with bowling balls on each rung.
1	a parking meter next to a ladder with bowling balls behind each rung.
0	A dog sitting by a parking meter on the sidewalk
1	a dog sitting by a parking meter over the sidewalk
0	A dog with a  bandana on sitting next to a parking meter.
1	a dog with a bandana beside sitting next to a parking meter.
0	a dog is sitting near a pole by the sidewalk
1	a dog is sitting across a pole by the sidewalk
0	Two parking meters with a woolen glove on one of them
1	two parking meters with a woolen glove with one of them
0	Two parking meters, but one has a torn glove on top.
1	two parking meters, but one has a torn glove over top.
0	two parking meters next to each other and one with a glove on it
1	two parking meters next to each other and one with a glove with it
0	a truck on a street next to a van
1	a truck in a street next to a van
0	Vehicle traffic on narrow roadway in urban area.
1	vehicle traffic upon narrow roadway in urban area.
0	a narrow alley with two vehicles and a few people walking
1	a dirty alley with two vehicles and a few people walking
1	vehicle traffic on dirty roadway in urban area.
0	a truck is parked at a campground with snow on it
1	a truck is parked beside a campground with snow on it
0	A large vehicle in a deserted park covered in snow.
1	a large vehicle in a deserted park covered beside snow.
0	A truck with the hood open sits in an area that has been lightly dusted with snow and is a wooded area with sparse trees.
1	a truck with the hood open sits in an area that has been lightly dusted on snow and is a wooded area with sparse trees.
0	A large vehicle is parked in a field with trees in it.
1	a large vehicle is parked under a field with trees in it.
0	Clothes hanging on rope in third world country.
1	clothes hanging beside rope in third world country.
0	Washed clothing is hung out on a clothesline in a cattle enclosure.
1	washed clothing is hung out on a clothesline upon a cattle enclosure.
0	Crowd of people walking near trucks outside of large complex.
1	crowd of people walking near trucks within of large complex.
0	People are walking on the street near a truck.
1	people are walking on the street across a truck.
0	Large green truck parked at the outside of stadium with group of people walking past
1	large green truck parked at the outside of stadium on group of people walking past
0	Two semi trucks are parked on the side of the road.
1	two semi trucks are parked over the side of the road.
0	The man is driving a small boat on the water with his dog.
1	the man is driving a small boat over the water with his dog.
0	Man and dog on a dingy with a motor in a marina.
1	man and dog on a dingy with a motor beside a marina.
0	A person on a small boat in the water.
1	a person in a small boat in the water.
0	a large white boat floating in the middle of a lake.
1	a large white boat floating at the middle of a lake.
0	A ferry crossing a river outside of a city.
1	a ferry crossing a river within of a city.
0	a body of water that has some boats in it
1	a body of water that has some boats beside it
0	A person is fixing a sail on a boat
1	a person is fixing a sail over a boat
0	a man standing next to a tall wooden pole on the marina
1	a man standing next to a tall wooden pole beside the marina
0	A bunch of boats docked at a water front.
1	a bunch of boats docked across a water front.
0	Several boats sitting in the water near a dock.
1	several boats sitting in the water in a dock.
0	some people and a dog under an open umbrella
1	some people and a dog across an open umbrella
0	People and a dog are standing outside at night under an umbrella.
1	people and a dog are standing outside beside night under an umbrella.
0	Two people and a dog stand under an umbrella near a well lit building.
1	two people and a dog stand across an umbrella near a well lit building.
0	Two people are standing under a large umbrella at night with a dog in the foreground.
1	two people are standing under a large umbrella over night with a dog in the foreground.
0	Bright orange umbrella and small white stool on a sandy beach.
1	bright orange umbrella and small white stool beside a sandy beach.
0	The large orange umbrella is next to the chair on the beach.
1	the large orange umbrella is next to the chair over the beach.
0	A calm lake is off a beach where an orange umbrella in the down position sits near a beach chair.
1	a calm lake is off a beach where an orange umbrella upon the down position sits near a beach chair.
0	A few rows of tables with umbrellas on top of them.
1	a few rows of tables on umbrellas on top of them.
0	A bunch of tables outside of a building.
1	a bunch of tables towards of a building.
0	Rows of outdoor dining tables sit empty in front of a mixed use building.
1	rows of indoor dining tables sit empty in front of a mixed use building.
0	A little girl standing in front of a green fence.
1	a little girl standing under front of a green fence.
0	A child points to an elephant behind a fence.
1	a child points to an elephant in a fence.
0	A young girl at the zoo looking at an elephant.
1	a happy girl at the zoo looking at an elephant.
0	a little kid is holding an umbrella outside
1	a little kid is holding an umbrella underneath
0	A young girl holds a closed red umbrella.
0	A young Asian girl holds a red umbrella.
1	a happy girl holds a closed red umbrella.
1	a happy asian girl holds a red umbrella.
0	a close up of a child holding a closed umbrella
1	a close atop of a child holding a closed umbrella
0	A little girl holding an umbrella in her hand.
1	a little girl holding an umbrella under her hand.
0	A little girl holding a red umbrella in her hand.
1	a little girl holding a red umbrella upon her hand.
0	A young girl stands holding a red umbrella.
1	a happy girl stands holding a red umbrella.
0	A blue suitcase with black accents sits on a white surface.
1	a blue suitcase with black accents sits over a white surface.
0	Bright blue suitcase waiting on a white bed.
1	bright blue suitcase waiting behind a white bed.
0	A small black dog sitting in an orange checkered chair.
1	a small black dog sitting under an orange checkered chair.
0	A cute black dog with a white spot sitting on a chair
1	a cute black dog with a white spot sitting behind a chair
0	A plaid couch with a black dog sitting on it.
1	a plaid couch with a black dog sitting upon it.
0	The black dog sits alertly on the vintage chair.
1	the black dog sits alertly beside the vintage chair.
0	a dog sitting in an orange chair looking at someone
1	a dog sitting at an orange chair looking at someone
0	Two zebras leaning against each other in an open field.
1	two zebras leaning against each other over an open field.
0	A couple of giraffe standing on top of a grass covered field.
1	a couple of giraffe standing behind top of a grass covered field.
0	Young zebra standing next to an adult one
1	happy zebra standing next to an adult one
0	A dog tied to a pole stands near a bike.
1	a dog tied to a pole stands upon a bike.
0	a close up of a dog tethered to a pole
1	a close underneath of a dog tethered to a pole
0	A young dog chained to a pole next to a bike.
1	a happy dog chained to a pole next to a bike.
0	A zebra walking across a dry grass field.
1	a zebra walking below a dry grass field.
0	A single Zebra walks through the desert bushes.
1	a single zebra walks within the desert bushes.
0	A zebra is walking through the brush in the sun
1	a zebra is walking up the brush in the sun
0	A man holding a frisbee in the field close to some buildings
1	a man holding a frisbee beside the field close to some buildings
0	A woman in a skirt is side saddling on a horse.
1	a woman in a skirt is side saddling upon a horse.
0	A woman on a horse her legs hanging off the side.
1	a woman beside a horse her legs hanging off the side.
0	A woman's feet are dangling as she sits on a horse.
1	a woman's feet are dangling as she sits over a horse.
0	These two men are dressed in costumes for their play.
1	these two men are dressed over costumes for their play.
0	Two men in civil war era uniforms riding horses.
1	two men beside civil war era uniforms riding horses.
0	A man dressed in a Civil War outfit on a horse looking at a cell phone.
1	a man dressed at a civil war outfit on a horse looking at a cell phone.
0	Some guys in military uniforms riding some horses.
1	some guys over military uniforms riding some horses.
0	A zebra running across a grass covered field.
1	a zebra running below a grass covered field.
0	A zebra running through some grass and past some tall bushes.
1	a zebra running outside some grass and past some tall bushes.
0	A zebra running in a field towards the camera.
1	a zebra running beside a field towards the camera.
0	a group of people in a street with a horse and vehicle
1	a group of people under a street with a horse and vehicle
0	Several people and animals are standing in the street.
1	several people and animals are standing over the street.
0	Three horses in their pasture on a farm.
1	three horses in their pasture behind a farm.
0	There is a farm with horses grazing in it.
1	there is a farm on horses grazing in it.
0	Horses grazing in a field near a barn and house.
1	horses grazing at a field near a barn and house.
0	Three horses are grazing in a pasture beside a barn.
1	three horses are grazing over a pasture beside a barn.
0	a couple of people that are on a buggy
1	a couple of people that are upon a buggy
0	A horse buggy taking a stroll on a bright sunny day.
1	a horse buggy taking a stroll in a bright sunny day.
0	a horse carriage pulling a small amount of people in a park
1	a horse carriage pulling a small amount of people under a park
0	a person who is sitting on top of a horse.
1	a person who is sitting in top of a horse.
0	a few cowboys stand watching some animals outside
1	a few cowboys stand watching some animals underneath
0	Two women are watching a man ride by on a horse.
1	two women are watching a man ride by behind a horse.
0	A couple in a field with a guy on a horse going by.
1	a couple in a field with a guy behind a horse going by.
0	a man reachiing in to a basket filled with oranges
1	a man reachiing at to a basket filled with oranges
0	A man standing outside beside a bunch of fruit.
1	a man standing outside on a bunch of fruit.
0	a person behind a stand with many oranges
1	a person in a stand with many oranges
0	This is a man working behind the counter of a bar with a lot of oranges and lemons.
1	this is a man working below the counter of a bar with a lot of oranges and lemons.
0	Scrambled eggs and sausage on a poppy seed bagel.
1	scrambled eggs and sausage with a poppy seed bagel.
0	A breakfast bagel with eggs and bacon sits on a counter.
1	a breakfast bagel with eggs and bacon sits upon a counter.
0	A bagel with egg, and other ingriedents on a plate.
1	a bagel with egg, and other ingriedents over a plate.
0	a couple of trays that has some food on them
1	a couple of trays that has some food upon them
0	A young baseball player in black and white swings the bat.
1	a young baseball player upon black and white swings the bat.
0	A batter attempts to swing at the pitch.
1	a batter attempts to swing behind the pitch.
0	A baseball player is swinging his bat at a ball.
1	a baseball player is swinging his bat behind a ball.
1	a happy baseball player in black and white swings the bat.
0	A group of children on skis lined up
1	a group of children over skis lined up
0	Four young children on skis standing in the snow
1	four young children on skis standing at the snow
0	A group of young people riding skis through the snow.
1	a group of young people riding skis up the snow.
0	Four young skiers stand together in the snow.
1	four young skiers stand together upon the snow.
1	four happy children on skis standing in the snow
1	a group of happy people riding skis through the snow.
1	four happy skiers stand together in the snow.
0	A couple of men standing on top of a snow covered slope.
1	a couple of men standing over top of a snow covered slope.
0	Two people on skiis in the snow near a mountain.
1	two people behind skiis in the snow near a mountain.
0	two men in skiis posing for a picture
1	two men at skiis posing for a picture
0	a couple of people pose on a snowy hill
1	a couple of people pose beside a snowy hill
0	two male snow skiers both in black jackets
1	two male snow skiers both under black jackets
0	some broccoli and shredded carrots sitting on a cutting board with a knife
1	some broccoli and shredded carrots sitting behind a cutting board with a knife
0	Several wine glasses lined up on a white counter
1	several wine glasses lined up over a white counter
0	A close view of clear wine glasses on top of a counter.
1	a close view of clear wine glasses in top of a counter.
0	Clear wine glasses lined up on a long bar
1	clear wine glasses lined up in a long bar
0	Wine glasses lined up next to each other on the table
1	wine glasses lined up next to each other with the table
0	Wine glasses are sitting lined up on a counter.
1	wine glasses are sitting lined up with a counter.
1	clear wine glasses lined up on a short bar
0	A store filled with lots of fresh produce on display.
1	a store filled on lots of fresh produce on display.
0	An outdoor market is displayed with several vegetables on the table.
1	an outdoor market is displayed on several vegetables on the table.
1	an indoor market is displayed with several vegetables on the table.
0	A seated child rides with an older person on a skateboard.
1	a seated child rides with an older person in a skateboard.
0	A person riding a skateboard as a small child rides on the board.
1	a person riding a skateboard as a small child rides over the board.
0	A person and a child travel on a skateboard together.
1	a person and a child travel over a skateboard together.
0	Person standing on skateboard and a kid sitting on one.
1	person standing upon skateboard and a kid sitting on one.
0	A person and a child ride on a skateboard in this black and white photo.
1	a person and a child ride on a skateboard at this black and white photo.
0	a bowl full of mixed veggies in a cole slaw type mix
1	a bowl full of mixed veggies upon a cole slaw type mix
0	A spoon in a bowl of shredded vegetable salad
1	a spoon under a bowl of shredded vegetable salad
0	A pile of carrots and other vegetables on  a tray.
1	a pile of carrots and other vegetables beside a tray.
0	A bunch of carrots are on a plate next to broccoli.
1	a bunch of carrots are beside a plate next to broccoli.
0	A large sub sandwich and a pickle displayed on a plate.
1	a large sub sandwich and a pickle displayed beside a plate.
0	A very large toasted sandwich with a pickle on the side.
1	a very large toasted sandwich with a pickle behind the side.
0	A pan with food in it and a spatula.
1	a pan with food at it and a spatula.
0	there are several different cheeses in a bowl
1	there are several different cheeses upon a bowl
1	there are several like cheeses in a bowl
0	Plates of food on a buffet table including lettuce, onions, cheese, and carrots.
1	plates of food in a buffet table including lettuce, onions, cheese, and carrots.
0	fourt plates of vegetables and fruit sitting individually in each
1	fourt plates of vegetables and fruit sitting individually upon each
0	Four seperate plates each holding a different vegetable
1	four seperate plates each holding a like vegetable
0	A girl in pink shirt holding a hotdog and a drink in cup.
1	a girl under pink shirt holding a hotdog and a drink in cup.
0	A man riding a snowboard through the air above a snow covered field.
1	a man riding a snowboard outside the air above a snow covered field.
0	A snowboarder in gear  doing a jump in the air
1	a snowboarder in gear doing a jump at the air
0	A person on a snowboard in the air near a group of people.
1	a person beside a snowboard in the air near a group of people.
0	A snowboarder that is in mid air on his snowboard.
1	a snowboarder that is in mid air with his snowboard.
0	There is a snow boarder doing a trick in the air
1	there is a snow boarder doing a trick beside the air
0	A person jumping in the air on a snowboard.
1	a person jumping in the air over a snowboard.
0	A man on a snow board in front of trees
1	a man on a snow board at front of trees
0	a sandwich and corn on a blue plate
1	a sandwich and corn upon a blue plate
0	A cut in half sandwich on a blue plate.
1	a cut in half sandwich upon a blue plate.
0	A MAN ON A SURF BOARD IN THE WATER WITH HILLS AND RV'S IN THE BACKGROUND
1	a man behind a surf board in the water with hills and rv's in the background
0	A guy sitting on a surfboard floating in the water.
1	a guy sitting behind a surfboard floating in the water.
0	A man without a shirt riding a surfboard in the ocean.
1	a man without a shirt riding a surfboard beside the ocean.
0	Smiling man takes a break from his RV trip on a surfboard
1	smiling man takes a break from his rv trip upon a surfboard
0	An old white guy is happy that his first surfing adventure went well
1	an old white guy is angry that his first surfing adventure went well
0	A man riding on top of a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
1	a man riding behind top of a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
0	a man riding on a surfboard next to a bunch of people
1	a man riding beside a surfboard next to a bunch of people
0	Man riding on a surf board near a boardwalk.
1	man riding on a surf board over a boardwalk.
0	People are on a beach and two of them are pushing a red kayak into the water.
1	people are beside a beach and two of them are pushing a red kayak into the water.
0	Several people on a beach next to the ocean.
1	several people in a beach next to the ocean.
0	A couple of people at the beach looking at a long surf board.
1	a couple of people at the beach looking at a short surf board.
0	Two people standing on a beach next to the ocean.
1	two people standing behind a beach next to the ocean.
0	People enjoying the beach on a nice day.
1	people enjoying the beach behind a nice day.
0	Beach scene with walkers on beach, boaters and swimmers.
1	beach scene with walkers beside beach, boaters and swimmers.
0	People enjoying a sunny day at a beach.
1	people enjoying a sunny day beside a beach.
0	A person that is standing up on a paddle board in water.
1	a person that is standing up on a paddle board at water.
0	A man rowing in a harbor on a surfboard.
1	a man rowing in a harbor behind a surfboard.
0	A man paddling on top of a surf board.
1	a man paddling upon top of a surf board.
0	a man standing on a surfboard and holding a paddle
1	a man standing with a surfboard and holding a paddle
0	A person on a surfboard in the water.
1	a person on a surfboard beside the water.
0	A little girl sitting on a bed inside a room.
1	a little girl sitting with a bed inside a room.
0	A girl is sitting on a bed with a game on it.
1	a girl is sitting on a bed with a game upon it.
0	A girl sitting on a bed in a room
1	a girl sitting with a bed in a room
0	a bridge with some people on it and another riding a see doo under it
1	a bridge with some people beside it and another riding a see doo under it
0	A person paddling on top of surf board ear a bridge.
1	a person paddling beside top of surf board ear a bridge.
0	A baby sitting in a bathtub getting their teeth brushed.
1	a baby sitting at a bathtub getting their teeth brushed.
0	A mother brushing her baby's teeth in a bathtub.
1	a mother brushing her baby's teeth upon a bathtub.
0	A parent brushing their childs teeth in the bath
1	a parent brushing their childs teeth beside the bath
0	Young people are all brushing their teeth on the road.
1	young people are all brushing their teeth in the road.
0	People gathered brushing their teeth on street with backpacks
1	people gathered brushing their teeth with street with backpacks
0	A woman in black jacket sitting on luggage and brushing her teeth.
1	a woman upon black jacket sitting on luggage and brushing her teeth.
1	happy people are all brushing their teeth on the road.
0	A table with four chairs, and place settings for four with a bottle of wine and candles.
1	a table with four chairs, and place settings for four on a bottle of wine and candles.
0	A living room dinning room area in an apartment
1	a living room dinning room area beside an apartment
0	A television set is on in a living room area that has a balcony and dark couches.
1	a television set is beside in a living room area that has a balcony and dark couches.
0	A man standing by the record player in a living room
1	a man standing by the record player at a living room
0	A young man pauses to get his picture taken in this living room
1	a young man pauses to get his picture taken under this living room
1	a happy man pauses to get his picture taken in this living room
0	a person on a field flying a kite with trees in the background
1	a person over a field flying a kite with trees in the background
0	A woman with backpack flying a kite in grassy field.
1	a woman with backpack flying a kite upon grassy field.
0	This girl is flying a kite near a tree and and small boy.
1	this girl is flying a kite over a tree and and small boy.
0	A lady flying a kite during the day in a park.
1	a lady flying a kite during the day at a park.
0	People work to get their kites up in the air at this kite festival.
1	people work to get their kites up over the air at this kite festival.
0	A person is holding on to a large kite.
1	a person is holding beside to a large kite.
0	Persons in a protest rally with flags and banners.
1	persons upon a protest rally with flags and banners.
0	this is a man playing in a field
1	this is a man playing beside a field
0	A man flying a purple dragon kite in a park-like area.
1	a man flying a purple dragon kite at a park-like area.
0	The man is flying his kite in the field.
1	the man is flying his kite over the field.
0	A man flies his kite in a grassy park.
1	a man flies his kite under a grassy park.
0	A man in red jacket and shorts in a batting cage.
1	a man at red jacket and shorts in a batting cage.
0	A man gets ready to swing at a pitch during batting practice
1	a man gets ready to swing over a pitch during batting practice
0	A clock at the top of a tower with a statue in front.
1	a clock beside the top of a tower with a statue in front.
0	The tower of a tail building with a flag on the roof and a clock on the upper floor.
1	the tower of a tail building with a flag behind the roof and a clock on the upper floor.
0	A sculpture of iron standing in front of a tall white building.
1	a sculpture of iron standing upon front of a tall white building.
0	There is a statue in front of a tall building.
1	there is a statue beside front of a tall building.
0	A statue of a person holding a bat in a chain link enclosure.
1	a statue of a person holding a bat upon a chain link enclosure.
0	A brown and white teddy bear sits on a wooden surface.
1	a brown and white teddy bear sits behind a wooden surface.
0	a little brown teddy bear sitting on a piece of wood
1	a little brown teddy bear sitting beside a piece of wood
0	An eyeless teddy bear sitting on a shelf
1	an eyeless teddy bear sitting upon a shelf
0	A teddy bear with a piece of wood sitting on a table.
1	a teddy bear with a piece of wood sitting beside a table.
0	A knife slicing up a carrot cake on a pink plate.
1	a knife slicing up a carrot cake in a pink plate.
0	Three plates topped with different desserts on a table.
1	three plates topped with different desserts upon a table.
0	a table with a few plates of food on it
1	a table with a few plates of food upon it
0	There is a taste contest featuring different cakes and cookies.
0	A table with different plates of desserts
1	three plates topped with like desserts on a table.
1	there is a taste contest featuring like cakes and cookies.
1	a table with like plates of desserts
0	A little girl standing in front of a display.
1	a little girl standing at front of a display.
0	A little girl using a cell phone in a store.
1	a little girl using a cell phone under a store.
0	A small child is playing on the old cellphone
1	a small child is playing with the old cellphone
0	there is a young girl that is playing with a cell phone
1	there is a happy girl that is playing with a cell phone
0	An illuminated clock tower behind a tree against a dusky sky.
1	an illuminated clock tower beside a tree against a dusky sky.
0	A person posing with there cell phone with thumbs up.
1	a person posing on there cell phone with thumbs up.
0	A picture of a man giving a thumps up with a cell phone in hand.
1	a picture of a man giving a thumps up with a cell phone upon hand.
0	Two smart phones sitting on a table next to each other.
1	two smart phones sitting upon a table next to each other.
0	A pink cell phone with numbers on the keys is sitting next to a green cell phone that is slid open.
1	a pink cell phone with numbers beside the keys is sitting next to a green cell phone that is slid open.
1	two dumb phones sitting on a table next to each other.
0	a cellphone sitting on a blue mesh blanket
1	a cellphone sitting beside a blue mesh blanket
0	A small cell phone on a blue surface.
1	a small cell phone with a blue surface.
0	A smart device sitting on top of a blue blanket.
1	a smart device sitting beside top of a blue blanket.
0	a phone that is sitting on a blue blanket
1	a phone that is sitting upon a blue blanket
0	A cell phone on a blue item with tiny holes.
1	a cell phone behind a blue item with tiny holes.
1	a dumb device sitting on top of a blue blanket.
1	a cell phone on a blue item with huge holes.
0	two people smiling and using cellular phones in a group of people.
1	two people smiling and using cellular phones over a group of people.
0	Young women are making faces holding their cell phones.
1	happy women are making faces holding their cell phones.
0	Man smiling looking at the camera while he talks on his cell phone.
1	man smiling looking across the camera while he talks on his cell phone.
0	A happy man talks on the phone while he is lying down.
1	a happy man talks over the phone while he is lying down.
0	A gentleman laying on the couch while talking on the phone.
1	a gentleman laying on the couch while talking upon the phone.
1	a angry man talks on the phone while he is lying down.
0	Two clocks are hung on a wall behind a glass sign.
1	two clocks are hung on a wall near a glass sign.
0	Two clocks with different times and a sign in an foreign language.
1	two clocks with different times and a sign under an foreign language.
0	Two square clocks behind a window with Asian writing on it.
1	two square clocks behind a window on asian writing on it.
0	Two stone clocks are sitting on a shelf.
1	two stone clocks are sitting beside a shelf.
1	two clocks with like times and a sign in an foreign language.
0	A table holding a variety of beverages at an outdoor party.
1	a table holding a variety of beverages across an outdoor party.
0	A blender with margarita ingredients on a table with coolers and a keg.
1	a blender with margarita ingredients behind a table with coolers and a keg.
0	Outdoor impromptu bar scene on wooden bench, ice coolers, blender, bottles and several other items, appearing very crowded.
1	outdoor impromptu bar scene beside wooden bench, ice coolers, blender, bottles and several other items, appearing very crowded.
1	a table holding a variety of beverages at an indoor party.
1	indoor impromptu bar scene on wooden bench, ice coolers, blender, bottles and several other items, appearing very crowded.
0	A sandwich lies in a basket with a toothpick through each half.
1	a sandwich lies in a basket with a toothpick up each half.
0	There are two sandwiches next to eachother with tooth pickes in them
1	there are two sandwiches next to eachother with tooth pickes beside them
0	Two breakfast sandwiches on a table with tooth picks in them.
1	two breakfast sandwiches behind a table with tooth picks in them.
0	Two ham, egg, and cheese sandwiches held together with tooth picks are sitting on a piece of parchment paper in a basket
1	two ham, egg, and cheese sandwiches held together with tooth picks are sitting beside a piece of parchment paper in a basket
0	a church tower with a clock on it
1	a church tower on a clock on it
0	Steeple with bell and clock on old church.
1	steeple with bell and clock beside old church.
0	a tall clock tower with a sky in the background
1	a tall clock tower on a sky in the background
0	A sign showing the Seeley Stable Museum hours below a wooden wall clock.
1	a sign showing the seeley stable museum hours behind a wooden wall clock.
0	A clock above a Museum sign and around stickers with sayings on them.
1	a clock above a museum sign and around stickers with sayings beside them.
0	A clock hanging in front of a museum
1	a clock hanging under front of a museum
0	Several displays of flowers are on a table.
1	several displays of flowers are behind a table.
0	a couple of thigs are sitting on a wood table
1	a couple of thigs are sitting with a wood table
0	A table topped with lots of different colored flowers.
0	a brown table with some different colored flowers
1	a table topped with lots of like colored flowers.
1	a brown table with some like colored flowers
0	A vase filled with flowers on a counter top.
1	a vase filled with flowers with a counter top.
0	a couple of flowers that are in a vase
1	a couple of flowers that are under a vase
0	A rustic vase holds some red wildflowers in a simple arrangement.
1	a rustic vase holds some red wildflowers over a simple arrangement.
1	a rustic vase holds some red wildflowers in a hard arrangement.
0	A teddy bear is held up beside a busy street with a monument in the background.
1	a teddy bear is held up at a busy street with a monument in the background.
0	A man standing in the street beside cars waiting in traffic.
1	a man standing in the street beside cars waiting at traffic.
0	Three freshly baked roles on a pink napkin on a wooden table.
1	three freshly baked roles on a pink napkin beside a wooden table.
0	a close up of some bread on a napkin
1	a close up of some bread upon a napkin
0	Three biscuits sitting on top of a pink and white napkin
1	three biscuits sitting over top of a pink and white napkin
0	Three small rolls laying down of on top of a pink napkin together.
1	three small rolls laying down of upon top of a pink napkin together.
0	Three buns are set on a paper towel.
1	three buns are set beside a paper towel.
0	A beef steak, asparagus and piece of bread on a plate.
1	a beef steak, asparagus and piece of bread in a plate.
0	THERE IS A PLATE OF VEGETABLES AND MEAT ON IT
1	there is a plate of vegetables and meat beside it
0	Plates of steak, bread, and asparagus sit on a table.
1	plates of steak, bread, and asparagus sit over a table.
0	Some yellow objects are floating in red liquid in a jar.
1	some yellow objects are floating in red liquid at a jar.
0	A jar of homemade sangria sitting on a table.
1	a jar of homemade sangria sitting with a table.
0	A neat kitchen against a wooden wall and tiles on the floor.
1	a neat kitchen against a wooden wall and tiles with the floor.
0	A refrigerator next to a red wall in the kitchen.
1	a refrigerator next to a red wall beside the kitchen.
0	A fridge with a lot of magnets in a kitchen.
1	a fridge with a lot of magnets beside a kitchen.
0	A toilet that is very clean in a bathroom.
1	a toilet that is very clean beside a bathroom.
0	A white toilet sitting underneath a window in a pink bathroom.
1	a white toilet sitting beneath a window in a pink bathroom.
0	a wood counter top in a long bathroom
1	a wood counter top beside a long bathroom
0	A bathroom with the lights on and brown carpets on the floor.
1	a bathroom on the lights on and brown carpets on the floor.
0	A bathroom with a long sink and mirror on the wall.
1	a bathroom on a long sink and mirror on the wall.
1	a wood counter top in a short bathroom
1	a bathroom with a short sink and mirror on the wall.
0	a close up of a bathroom with a sink in the background
1	a close within of a bathroom with a sink in the background
0	A partially open door with a bathroom behind it.
1	a partially open door with a bathroom across it.
1	a altogether open door with a bathroom behind it.
0	Cat on floor by toilet looking up to cat laying in sink
1	cat on floor by toilet looking up to cat laying under sink
0	A washroom with toilet and sink in which a cat is s
1	a washroom with toilet and sink under which a cat is s
0	Two cats in a bathroom one in a sink and one near the toilet.
1	two cats in a bathroom one at a sink and one near the toilet.
0	A very cute cat sitting in a sink in the rest room.
1	a very cute cat sitting under a sink in the rest room.
0	A bathroom with white spots on the wall.
1	a bathroom with white spots behind the wall.
0	Bright orange bathroom with spackling on the walls.
1	bright orange bathroom with spackling with the walls.
0	A black cat sitting on top of the hood of a car.
1	a black cat sitting in top of the hood of a car.
0	a cat sitting on the hood of a car that needs a paint job
1	a cat sitting upon the hood of a car that needs a paint job
0	A cat sits on the hood of an old car.
1	a cat sits with the hood of an old car.
0	A black cat sitting on a hood of an old car
1	a black cat sitting behind a hood of an old car
0	A dog wearing sunglasses sitting inside a car.
1	a dog wearing sunglasses sitting beneath a car.
0	A dog in a car with sun glasses on
1	a dog upon a car with sun glasses on
0	A dog wearing sunglasses setting in the passenger seat of a car.
1	a dog wearing sunglasses setting upon the passenger seat of a car.
0	A silly brown dog wears sunglasses as it sits in a car
1	a silly brown dog wears sunglasses as it sits over a car
0	There is a classic, black automobile sitting in a showroom. There are people looking at it in the background.
1	there is a classic, black automobile sitting in a showroom. there are people looking at it over the background.
0	An old station wagon is shown in a car show.
1	an old station wagon is shown over a car show.
0	Old fashioned, restored, old fashioned black vehicle in a garage
1	old fashioned, restored, old fashioned black vehicle beside a garage
0	a man on a motorcycle that is in some grass
1	a man with a motorcycle that is in some grass
0	A man is in a yard on a motorcycle.
1	a man is upon a yard on a motorcycle.
0	A man wearing a helmet posing on top of a motorcycle.
1	a man wearing a helmet posing beside top of a motorcycle.
0	A man riding on the back of a motorcycle on top of a grass field.
1	a man riding on the back of a motorcycle in top of a grass field.
0	A person sitting on a motorcycle in the grass.
1	a person sitting over a motorcycle in the grass.
0	a person standing next to a parked motorcycle on a field
1	a person standing next to a parked motorcycle upon a field
0	A woman in a grey shirt standing next to a motorcycle.
1	a woman upon a grey shirt standing next to a motorcycle.
0	Woman posing in front of a personal motorcycle.
1	woman posing at front of a personal motorcycle.
0	A street scene with many people on motorbikes.
1	a street scene with many people behind motorbikes.
0	Pedestrians and people on motor bikes travel down a busy street.
1	pedestrians and people beside motor bikes travel down a busy street.
0	Many scooters are driving through a busy city street.
1	many scooters are driving outside a busy city street.
0	a couple of people on motor bikes on a street
1	a couple of people in motor bikes on a street
0	a living room with some fancy curtains behind a couch
1	a living room with some fancy curtains beside a couch
0	Oranges are in a basket on a table next to a liquor bottle.
1	oranges are in a basket over a table next to a liquor bottle.
0	A bowl of oranges near a pillow and golden decorations.
1	a bowl of oranges upon a pillow and golden decorations.
0	A yellow BMW touring motorcycle parked in the street as people look on from behind a steel rail on the sidewalk.
1	a yellow bmw touring motorcycle parked in the street as people look in from behind a steel rail on the sidewalk.
0	A yellow motorcycle is parked on a road with many bystanders
1	a yellow motorcycle is parked upon a road with many bystanders
0	a bright yellow police motorcycle parkd in the road
1	a bright yellow police motorcycle parkd at the road
0	A yellow police motorcycle parked on a road near a large crowd behind a barrier.
1	a yellow police motorcycle parked on a road in a large crowd behind a barrier.
0	A cat that is sitting down on a porch.
1	a cat that is sitting down in a porch.
0	A black and white cat sits on a wooden porch
1	a black and white cat sits with a wooden porch
0	A cat sits on a porch looking to the side.
1	a cat sits with a porch looking to the side.
0	A green and grey helicopter in a hazy sky.
1	a green and grey helicopter under a hazy sky.
0	a helicopter goes through the grey sky
1	a helicopter goes around` the grey sky
0	Three sheep standing in the brush near a small tree.
1	three sheep standing in the brush across a small tree.
0	Sheep stand in a group in a lightly wooded area.
1	sheep stand under a group in a lightly wooded area.
0	A branch stretches in the air while an airplane flies in the distance.
1	a branch stretches in the air while an airplane flies under the distance.
0	A plane descends as seen through tree branches.
1	a plane descends as seen within tree branches.
0	A picture of a jet flying in the air framed by a tree on the left.
1	a picture of a jet flying at the air framed by a tree on the left.
0	A bunch of tables in a hanger with an airplane overhead
1	a bunch of tables beside a hanger with an airplane overhead
0	People at an airshow near an airplane.
1	people upon an airshow near an airplane.
0	A cat laying on top of a wooden bench.
1	a cat laying in top of a wooden bench.
0	A cat sits on a bench near some vegetation.
1	a cat sits on a bench across some vegetation.
0	A brown cat is sitting on a bench near bushes.
1	a brown cat is sitting in a bench near bushes.
0	An orange tabby cat laying down on a bench near shrubs.
1	an orange tabby cat laying down with a bench near shrubs.
0	A bus is traveling along rolling hills in the countryside.
1	a bus is traveling along rolling hills under the countryside.
0	Commuter bus parked next to roadway in rural hilly area.
1	commuter bus parked next to roadway under rural hilly area.
0	there is a bus that is driving along the road in the country
1	there is a bus that is driving along the road over the country
1	commuter bus parked next to roadway in urban hilly area.
0	A city bust at a stop picking up and dropping off some passengers.
1	a city bust over a stop picking up and dropping off some passengers.
0	two billboards with a sky background and people walking near by
1	two billboards with a sky background and people walking over by
0	a billboard with women on it by the side of the road
1	a billboard with women in it by the side of the road
0	two billboard advertisement sit  in rundown slum area
1	two billboard advertisement sit at rundown slum area
0	an image of billboard that is on the repair
1	an image of billboard that is in the repair
0	A bench that is on top of a wooden floor.
1	a bench that is beside top of a wooden floor.
0	A bench is built on a wooden floor pier
1	a bench is built upon a wooden floor pier
0	A normal bench sitting on a wooden bridge
1	a normal bench sitting with a wooden bridge
0	A wooden bench with an iron frame sitting on a boardwalk.
1	a wooden bench with an iron frame sitting upon a boardwalk.
0	several sheep walking around in a field with brown grass
1	several sheep walking around beside a field with brown grass
0	Group of sheep on side of hill looking in distancw
1	group of sheep with side of hill looking in distancw
0	Several woolly sheep in a large open grassy area.
1	several woolly sheep at a large open grassy area.
0	A herd of sheep with long, curled horns in a grassy field.
1	a herd of sheep with short, curled horns in a grassy field.
0	LOTS OF CITY BUSES ON CITY STREET PICKING UP PASSENGERS.
1	lots of city buses in city street picking up passengers.
0	A busy street with cars and buses are pulled over and pulling out.
1	a busy street with cars and buses are pulled at and pulling out.
0	A group of children looking at small chicks
1	a group of children looking behind small chicks
0	A group of young people watch small birds on a street.
1	a group of young people watch small birds in a street.
0	people standing around blue boxes looking at the stuff on display
1	people standing around blue boxes looking over the stuff on display
1	a group of happy people watch small birds on a street.
0	A bird swimming in wavy water, with a island in the background.
1	a bird swimming in wavy water, with a island under the background.
0	A pelican stands alone in the middle of the ocean.
1	a pelican stands alone upon the middle of the ocean.
0	A flock of birds flying over a beach next to the ocean.
1	a flock of birds flying on a beach next to the ocean.
0	A flock of birds are flying near a body of water.
1	a flock of birds are flying upon a body of water.
0	A young man poses for a picture with a woman who is being reflected in a mirror in a room with black and white striped walls.
1	a young man poses for a picture with a woman who is being reflected under a mirror in a room with black and white striped walls.
1	a happy man poses for a picture with a woman who is being reflected in a mirror in a room with black and white striped walls.
0	A locomotive parked on a display with steps coming out of it.
1	a locomotive parked over a display with steps coming out of it.
0	A coliseum near a large set of buildings at a traffic light.
1	a coliseum in a large set of buildings at a traffic light.
0	A view of a white train riding across a bridge in a city.
1	a view of a white train riding across a bridge under a city.
0	An elevated train on a bridge in front of buildings.
1	an elevated train on a bridge over front of buildings.
0	A woman carrying her dog on a busy city street.
1	a woman carrying her dog upon a busy city street.
0	A pasture on a sunny day with horses grazing
1	a pasture with a sunny day with horses grazing
0	Horses grazing in a lush green pasture behind a  white fence.
1	horses grazing in a lush green pasture below a white fence.
0	A cat sleeping on the ground using a shoe as a pillow.
1	a cat sleeping in the ground using a shoe as a pillow.
0	A nat naps with his head on a sneaker.
1	a nat naps with his head upon a sneaker.
0	A yellow and white cat that is laying on the ground next to a pair of slippers and a sneaker.
1	a yellow and white cat that is laying over the ground next to a pair of slippers and a sneaker.
0	orange and white cat lying in a pile of shoes
1	orange and white cat lying beside a pile of shoes
0	A cat sitting on the floor by three shoes.
1	a cat sitting with the floor by three shoes.
0	There is a red car being towed on a truck
1	there is a red car being towed in a truck
0	A flatbed tow truck with a vehicle on its bed.
1	a flatbed tow truck with a vehicle behind its bed.
0	A car on top of a truck parked at a parking bay
1	a car behind top of a truck parked at a parking bay
0	A semi truck is parked on the street outside the home.
1	a semi truck is parked beside the street outside the home.
0	A purple truck parked in parking lot next to an apartment.
1	a purple truck parked upon parking lot next to an apartment.
0	The pickup truck is parked in the lot.
1	the pickup truck is parked upon the lot.
0	A blue pick up truck parked in a parking space.
1	a blue pick up truck parked upon a parking space.
0	A blue crew cab truck sitting in the parking lot of an apartment building.
1	a blue crew cab truck sitting at the parking lot of an apartment building.
0	A herd of cattle grazing in a lush green field.
1	a herd of cattle grazing over a lush green field.
0	A Fawcett's Malt truck sits parked on the side of the road.
1	a fawcett's malt truck sits parked beside the side of the road.
0	A malt delivery truck on the side of the street in a town.
1	a malt delivery truck on the side of the street beside a town.
0	A large semi truck parked on the side of a street .
1	a large semi truck parked with the side of a street.
0	The people are laying down on the beach under umbrellas.
1	the people are laying down over the beach under umbrellas.
0	People lay on the beach as a yacht sails in the ocean.
1	people lay on the beach as a yacht sails over the ocean.
0	People lay on the beach underneath umbrellas.
1	people lay upon the beach underneath umbrellas.
0	There are people laying on the beach under umbrellas.
1	there are people laying upon the beach under umbrellas.
0	Two bottles and a glass are sitting near boats on the water.
1	two bottles and a glass are sitting near boats with the water.
0	Bottles and a glass sit on the ground with boats in the background.
1	bottles and a glass sit on the ground with boats over the background.
0	A man in blue shirt standing next to cow in small fenced off area.
1	a man upon blue shirt standing next to cow in small fenced off area.
0	A man in coat and tie smiling and holding up two wine bottles in each hand by a cabinet with wine glasses in a room.
1	a man in coat and tie smiling and holding up two wine bottles in each hand by a cabinet with wine glasses upon a room.
0	Many people hold umbrellas on the street during a rainy day
1	many people hold umbrellas upon the street during a rainy day
0	Two women holding sunflower umbrellas while walking on a rain soaked sidewalk.
1	two women holding sunflower umbrellas while walking upon a rain soaked sidewalk.
0	Four women, two holding open umbrellas; one up and one down, one clapping and one with two fingers up, and one man standing in a row posing for camera on a brick street with shop behind.
1	four women, two holding open umbrellas; one up and one down, one clapping and one with two fingers up, and one man standing over a row posing for camera on a brick street with shop behind.
0	A group of beautiful young women standing next to each other.
1	a group of ugly young women standing next to each other.
0	A woman wearing fast food worker attire and sitting beneath a multicolored umbrella waits for the train.
1	a woman wearing fast food worker attire and sitting through a multicolored umbrella waits for the train.
0	A train track runs into the distance while a women, sitting beneath an umbrella, rests nearby.
1	a train track runs into the distance while a women, sitting through an umbrella, rests nearby.
0	A picture of a person sitting down under an umbrella.
1	a picture of a person sitting down beside an umbrella.
0	A man wearing a blue tie with the ten commandments on it.
1	a man wearing a blue tie on the ten commandments on it.
0	A man that has the ten commandments on his tie
1	a man that has the ten commandments upon his tie
0	A spotted cat poses on the lavatory in a bathroom.
1	a spotted cat poses on the lavatory over a bathroom.
0	A cat on the edge of a sink looking at the camera.
1	a cat in the edge of a sink looking at the camera.
0	A family holding umbrellas at a backyard barbecue.
1	a family holding umbrellas beside a backyard barbecue.
0	A family having lunch in their backyard in the rain.
1	a family having lunch in their backyard over the rain.
0	two elephants enjoy playing in the cool water
1	two elephants enjoy playing beside the cool water
0	An umbrella that is standing in the sand.
1	an umbrella that is standing over the sand.
0	An umbrella is stuck in the sand on the beach.
1	an umbrella is stuck in the sand beside the beach.
0	a colorful striped umbrella on the beach near the ocean
1	a colorful striped umbrella over the beach near the ocean
0	A colorful umbrella is set up at the beach.
1	a colorful umbrella is set up behind the beach.
0	Woman in shades and cap sit on beach chair under an umbrella
1	woman under shades and cap sit on beach chair under an umbrella
0	A woman in yellow shirt under an umbrella on a beach.
1	a woman over yellow shirt under an umbrella on a beach.
0	A woman holding an umbrella at the beach.
1	a woman holding an umbrella upon the beach.
0	A woman sitting in a chair underneath an umbrella on the beach.
1	a woman sitting under a chair underneath an umbrella on the beach.
0	A woman sitting under a beach umbrella while others around her sunbathe.
1	a woman sitting beside a beach umbrella while others around her sunbathe.
0	Two large dogs sitting on a carpet on the ground in front of the door.
1	two large dogs sitting in a carpet on the ground in front of the door.
0	Two dogs huddle together on a corner rug behind a pile of luggage.
1	two dogs huddle together on a corner rug in a pile of luggage.
0	two brown dogs laying on a rug by a door
1	two brown dogs laying upon a rug by a door
0	Two dogs are laying on the floor by some luggage.
1	two dogs are laying upon the floor by some luggage.
0	A woman sitting on piece of luggage sitting in front of a building.
1	a woman sitting on piece of luggage sitting over front of a building.
0	a woman sitting on a suitcase outside a hotel
1	a woman sitting with a suitcase outside a hotel
0	A woman is sitting on top of a piece of luggage.
1	a woman is sitting over top of a piece of luggage.
0	A woman leaning on luggage in front of a wooden post.
1	a woman leaning behind luggage in front of a wooden post.
0	a group of luggage sitting in the middle of a building.
1	a group of luggage sitting upon the middle of a building.
0	There is a blue carpet with a group of suitcases on it.
1	there is a blue carpet on a group of suitcases on it.
0	Two people laying on top of green grass under a white umbrella.
1	two people laying upon top of green grass under a white umbrella.
0	A couple of people and a umbrella in the grass.
1	a couple of people and a umbrella at the grass.
0	A man pulling some luggage at the airport
1	a man pulling some luggage beside the airport
0	A blue dog sitting on  a striped couch
1	a blue dog sitting upon a striped couch
0	A dog that is sitting on a couch.
1	a dog that is sitting in a couch.
0	A dog is sitting on a couch with a ball and two cushions in back.
1	a dog is sitting on a couch with a ball and two cushions over back.
0	A dalmation sits on a red couch with two striped pillows.
1	a dalmation sits with a red couch with two striped pillows.
0	A dog laying on a red couch in a room.
1	a dog laying over a red couch in a room.
0	A dog lays on top of a red sofa.
1	a dog lays in top of a red sofa.
0	a black and white dog sitting on a red couch with pillows
1	a black and white dog sitting on a red couch on pillows
0	A dalmatian laying on a red couch with pillows on each side.
1	a dalmatian laying on a red couch with pillows behind each side.
0	A dog in the air with a frisbee in its mouth.
1	a dog under the air with a frisbee in its mouth.
0	A dog is in the air with a frisbee in its mouth
1	a dog is in the air on a frisbee in its mouth
0	A spotted dog is chasing another dog outside
1	a spotted dog is chasing another dog underneath
0	Two adorable dogs running through a grassy forest.
1	two adorable dogs running up a grassy forest.
0	one dog chasing another on a grey fall day
1	one dog chasing another upon a grey fall day
0	Two dogs are in a field, one has a red circle in it's mouth.
1	two dogs are in a field, one has a red circle over it's mouth.
0	A dog standing at the edge of the water.
1	a dog standing behind the edge of the water.
0	People watch an ultimate frisbee game in the park.
1	people watch an ultimate frisbee game over the park.
0	a number of people playing frisbee in a field
1	a number of people playing frisbee upon a field
0	A group of people standing on top of a lush green field.
1	a group of people standing beside top of a lush green field.
0	people watching young boys playing a game of some sort
1	people watching happy boys playing a game of some sort
0	a lone horse grazes in a field as a train passes.
1	a lone horse grazes at a field as a train passes.
0	A horse is grazing in a field beside train tracks.
1	a horse is grazing under a field beside train tracks.
0	horse grazing in a large pasture with a train in the background
1	horse grazing in a large pasture with a train under the background
0	a grassy field with a solitary horse in the distance.
1	a grassy field with a solitary horse upon the distance.
0	A jockey riding a horse on a horse racing track.
1	a jockey riding a horse beside a horse racing track.
0	Two horses neck-to-neck in a horse race, with observers standing at the rail.
1	two horses neck-to-neck under a horse race, with observers standing at the rail.
0	a jockey on a horse on a horse race track
1	a jockey beside a horse on a horse race track
0	A horse, and jockey ride by the stands at a race track.
1	a horse, and jockey ride on the stands at a race track.
0	Two zebras eat hay in a muddy area.
1	two zebras eat hay at a muddy area.
0	two zebras eating food off a the ground in mud
1	two zebras eating food off a the ground over mud
0	Two zebra standing next to each other in a dry grass field.
1	two zebra standing next to each other at a dry grass field.
0	Two zebras standing in tall savannah grass near forest brush.
1	two zebras standing over tall savannah grass near forest brush.
0	Two zebras are walking through tall brown grass.
1	two zebras are walking outside tall brown grass.
0	Two zebras standing in a field of tall grass.
1	two zebras standing under a field of tall grass.
0	Two zebras roaming through the terrain in a countryside setting.
1	two zebras roaming up the terrain in a countryside setting.
0	Three horse grazing on grass near a street sign.
1	three horse grazing on grass in a street sign.
0	Three horses are grazing on grass by the road.
1	three horses are grazing over grass by the road.
0	Three horses grazing on the side of the road near a road sign.
1	three horses grazing with the side of the road near a road sign.
0	a close up of a banana and a doughnut in a plastic bag
1	a close within of a banana and a doughnut in a plastic bag
0	a banana and a chocolate frosted donut sitting in a baggie
1	a banana and a chocolate frosted donut sitting at a baggie
0	A banana and donut in a sandwich bag.
1	a banana and donut over a sandwich bag.
0	A banana and donut in the same plastic bag.
1	a banana and donut under the same plastic bag.
0	Man on a snowboard, mid air going down a snowy slope.
1	man beside a snowboard, mid air going down a snowy slope.
0	The man is in mid air as he is snowboarding down the hill.
1	the man is at mid air as he is snowboarding down the hill.
0	A snowboarder doing getting "air" on way down the mountain.
1	a snowboarder doing getting "air" over way down the mountain.
0	a man on a snow board flying through the air
1	a man over a snow board flying through the air
0	A skier coming to a stop in white powdery snow.
1	a skier coming to a stop under white powdery snow.
0	Carrots, onion, and radishes with gardening tool in a garden.
1	carrots, onion, and radishes with gardening tool under a garden.
0	vegetables laying in the soil next to a trowel
1	vegetables laying over the soil next to a trowel
0	some vegetables on a white plate ready to be cut
1	some vegetables over a white plate ready to be cut
0	A cutting board with carrots and some other leafy green vegetables along side a knife.
1	a cutting board with carrots and some other leafless green vegetables along side a knife.
0	there are two hot dogs on a paper plate with toppings
1	there are two hot dogs on a paper plate on toppings
0	A man is sitting down with two sandwiches in his lap.
1	a man is sitting down with two sandwiches beside his lap.
0	A plate with food on it on a person's lap
1	a plate with food on it beside a person's lap
0	Two buns holds meat and coleslaw as the sit on white papers.
1	two buns holds meat and coleslaw as the sit beside white papers.
0	Two hot dogs topped with cole slaw sits on a paper plate.
1	two hot dogs topped on cole slaw sits on a paper plate.
0	Large oversized hot dog being held in tinfoil.
1	large oversized hot dog being held at tinfoil.
0	A hand holding aluminum foil half wrapped pork sausage dog in a hot dog bun with shredded vegetables, over sidewalk area with grate.
1	a hand holding aluminum foil half wrapped pork sausage dog in a hot dog bun with shredded vegetables, upon sidewalk area with grate.
0	A person is holding a sandwich with a sausage and coleslaw on it.
1	a person is holding a sandwich on a sausage and coleslaw on it.
0	A large bratwurst in a bun wrapped in tin foil.
1	a large bratwurst in a bun wrapped upon tin foil.
0	A person on a skateboard standing in front of a wall with graffiti.
1	a person on a skateboard standing under front of a wall with graffiti.
0	a man on a skate board rides on a ledge
1	a man on a skate board rides in a ledge
0	A person on a skateboard on a low platform with a ramp, near a graffiti wall.
1	a person over a skateboard on a low platform with a ramp, near a graffiti wall.
0	A boy riding a skateboard by a wall with graffiti.
1	a boy riding a skateboard by a wall on graffiti.
0	A person that is sitting on a table.
1	a person that is sitting upon a table.
0	A developmentally challenged young man sitting at a picnic table with a hot dog
1	a developmentally challenged happy man sitting at a picnic table with a hot dog
0	A man and a woman are putting condiments on their hot dogs.
1	a man and a woman are putting condiments upon their hot dogs.
0	A man eating a hot dog in the stands
1	a man eating a hot dog upon the stands
0	A man in the action of eating a hot dog.
1	a man under the action of eating a hot dog.
0	A man with a helmet is laying on a water board.
1	a man on a helmet is laying on a water board.
0	A man wearing a helmet on a body board in a body of water.
1	a man wearing a helmet with a body board in a body of water.
0	A man wearing a helmet is propelled through the water on a board.
1	a man wearing a helmet is propelled outside the water on a board.
0	A man in a helmet on a boogie board in water
1	a man over a helmet on a boogie board in water
0	A bathroom sink that has towel hanging on the wall beside it.
1	a bathroom sink that has towel hanging in the wall beside it.
0	A cake on a pan with a spatula, a flower white with roses and a white beverage holder.
1	a cake over a pan with a spatula, a flower white with roses and a white beverage holder.
0	Dessert set on a pedestal server with a spatula.
1	dessert set upon a pedestal server with a spatula.
0	a close up of a cake on a plate on a table
1	a close up of a cake with a plate on a table
0	A cake on a clear plate sitting on a table.
1	a cake behind a clear plate sitting on a table.
0	pizza sitting on stack of plates on wood background
1	pizza sitting in stack of plates on wood background
0	a pizza on a white plate on a wooden table
1	a pizza on a white plate with a wooden table
0	A small pizza with olives is place on a stack of plates.
1	a small pizza with olives is place in a stack of plates.
0	A pizza placed on a white plate on a wooden table.
1	a pizza placed beside a white plate on a wooden table.
0	A pizza that is on a stack of plates.
1	a pizza that is with a stack of plates.
0	A little girl and woman standing near a birthday with lighted candles.
1	a little girl and woman standing in a birthday with lighted candles.
0	A woman talking to a toddler with a cake on the table.
1	a woman talking to a toddler with a cake behind the table.
0	A small bed sits under a tent where the sunlight peeks through.
1	a small bed sits across a tent where the sunlight peeks through.
0	A bed with a pillow on top of it next to a white and blue wall.
1	a bed with a pillow beside top of it next to a white and blue wall.
0	a long skinny bed with a floral blanket on it
1	a short skinny bed with a floral blanket on it
0	a made bed with four pillows and lamp on a table
1	a made bed with four pillows and lamp beside a table
0	A room view shows a double bed with white linen and pillows, blue underskirt, a standing light on a tiny nightstand, and a picture over the bed.
1	a room view shows a double bed with white linen and pillows, blue underskirt, a standing light beside a tiny nightstand, and a picture over the bed.
0	a couple of pillows on a white bed
1	a couple of pillows over a white bed
1	a room view shows a double bed with white linen and pillows, blue underskirt, a standing light on a huge nightstand, and a picture over the bed.
0	a close up of a plate of food on a table with pizza
1	a close up of a plate of food on a table on pizza
0	Half of a pizza sits on top of plate.
1	half of a pizza sits beside top of plate.
0	A young girl holding a remote control in a living room.
1	a young girl holding a remote control under a living room.
0	A child playing on a calculator in their pajamas.
1	a child playing with a calculator in their pajamas.
0	A child is holding a remote control in her hand.
1	a child is holding a remote control at her hand.
1	a happy girl holding a remote control in a living room.
0	A woman and a man sitting on a couch next to each other.
1	a woman and a man sitting with a couch next to each other.
0	A man and woman sitting on a couch playing a game.
1	a man and woman sitting in a couch playing a game.
0	A couple sitting on a couch holding Wii remotes.
1	a couple sitting beside a couch holding wii remotes.
0	Two people sitting together on a couch playing wii
1	two people sitting together beside a couch playing wii
0	a lady sitting down in a living room full of furniture
1	a lady sitting down at a living room full of furniture
0	A picture of a couch in a room.
1	a picture of a couch beside a room.
0	A computer keyboard sitting on top of a desk.
1	a computer keyboard sitting beside top of a desk.
0	A black computer keyboard on a desk with pens.
1	a black computer keyboard beside a desk with pens.
0	A close up view of a sleek computer keyboard on a desk.
1	a close up view of a sleek computer keyboard over a desk.
0	A computer keyboard is polished and shiny sitting on a desk.
1	a computer keyboard is polished and shiny sitting beside a desk.
0	An elderly man playing music on a keyboard.
1	an elderly man playing music behind a keyboard.
0	Man sitting next to a concrete wall playing a piano on his lap.
1	man sitting next to a concrete wall playing a piano beside his lap.
0	A man sitting on a chair playing a keyboard
1	a man sitting in a chair playing a keyboard
0	Many people walk on the narrow street underneath many strings with flags on them.
1	many people walk on the narrow street underneath many strings with flags in them.
0	A large group of people on a city street.
1	a large group of people in a city street.
0	there are many people that can be seen walking in the street
1	there are many people that can be seen walking under the street
1	many people walk on the dirty street underneath many strings with flags on them.
0	A man and woman standing on a tennis court
1	a man and woman standing over a tennis court
0	A man is holding a tennis racket near a woman on a tennis court.
1	a man is holding a tennis racket near a woman beside a tennis court.
0	A man is standing in the sun playing tennis.
1	a man is standing at the sun playing tennis.
0	a couple of people that are playing in a field
1	a couple of people that are playing at a field
0	Adults enjoying game of badminton on grassy field.
1	adults enjoying game of badminton in grassy field.
0	Two people in shorts are playing with tennis rackets on a grassy field.
1	two people upon shorts are playing with tennis rackets on a grassy field.
0	A woman and man playing tennis on a field.
1	a woman and man playing tennis in a field.
0	THERE IS DIFFERENT TYPES OF FOOD ON THE TABLE
1	there is different types of food beside the table
0	a brown bread on a plate well made and ready to be eaten
1	a brown bread with a plate well made and ready to be eaten
1	there is like types of food on the table
0	A man is working at a desk on his laptop.
1	a man is working upon a desk on his laptop.
0	A man in a black tank top sits at a desk with a laptop.
1	a man beside a black tank top sits at a desk with a laptop.
0	A man sitting at a desk working with a laptop computer.
1	a man sitting over a desk working with a laptop computer.
0	A man in a black tank top sits at a large wooden desk while looking at an open keyboard.
1	a man at a black tank top sits at a large wooden desk while looking at an open keyboard.
0	A little girl crying with one hand on a laptop.
1	a little girl crying with one hand with a laptop.
0	A girl standing with her hand on a laptop next to a tablet and remote controllers.
1	a girl standing with her hand with a laptop next to a tablet and remote controllers.
0	A baby girl has her hand on a laptop and looks upset and about to cry.
1	a baby girl has her hand in a laptop and looks upset and about to cry.
0	A laptop sits on a counter by a window overlooking airport terminals.
1	a laptop sits in a counter by a window overlooking airport terminals.
0	A young lerson holding a camera with a picture on its screen.
1	a young lerson holding a camera with a picture over its screen.
0	a close up of a person holding a cell phone
1	a close towards of a person holding a cell phone
0	A close up of a person holding up a cell phone taking a picture.
1	a close atop of a person holding up a cell phone taking a picture.
1	a happy lerson holding a camera with a picture on its screen.
0	A man blow drying a dog in front of a curtain.
1	a man blow drying a dog over front of a curtain.
0	The woman smiles as she is talking on her cell phone.
1	the woman smiles as she is talking beside her cell phone.
0	A woman sitting outside talking on her cell phone
1	a woman sitting outside talking beside her cell phone
0	A young woman talks on her cell phone.
1	a young woman talks over her cell phone.
1	a happy woman talks on her cell phone.
0	A man with a camera has a smoke in his mouth.
1	a man with a camera has a smoke under his mouth.
0	A man with a cigarette in his mouth holding a cell phone in his hand.
1	a man with a cigarette at his mouth holding a cell phone in his hand.
0	The man looks at a cell phone with an unlit cigarette in his mouth.
1	the man looks behind a cell phone with an unlit cigarette in his mouth.
0	The microwave is out on the side of the street.
1	the microwave is out in the side of the street.
0	A microwave that is sitting outside in the street.
1	a microwave that is sitting inside in the street.
0	There is a microwave on the floor that is on display
1	there is a microwave in the floor that is on display
0	Microwave and other appliance sitting outdoors on pavement against a fence.
1	microwave and other appliance sitting outdoors with pavement against a fence.
0	Two photos of two people looking at each other.
1	two photos of two people looking upon each other.
0	A man and a woman standing in front of a freezer refrigerator.
1	a man and a woman standing at front of a freezer refrigerator.
0	The man and woman congregate outside of the refrigerator.
1	the man and woman congregate underneath of the refrigerator.
0	A large clock towers on top of a building.
1	a large clock towers upon top of a building.
0	There is a place with a grand clock at the top.
1	there is a place with a grand clock over the top.
0	A clock tower sitting on top of a building.
1	a clock tower sitting with top of a building.
0	A short black and white clock tower above a sign
1	a long black and white clock tower above a sign
0	Clock with Roman numerals atop a tower on a street corner.
1	clock with roman numerals atop a tower in a street corner.
0	A large outdoor clock with Roman numerals standing under a tree.
1	a large outdoor clock on roman numerals standing under a tree.
0	Looking up at a lamp post clock on a city street
1	looking up at a lamp post clock upon a city street
0	The tower in town has a clock displayed on it.
1	the tower in town has a clock displayed in it.
0	A small clock tower sitting in the middle of a lobby.
1	a small clock tower sitting upon the middle of a lobby.
0	A model of a clock tower in a room
1	a model of a clock tower beside a room
0	A structure with a large clock on the top.
1	a structure with a large clock beside the top.
0	A clock tower stands in a shopping mall.
1	a clock tower stands under a shopping mall.
0	A large clock is on display at a shopping venue.
1	a large clock is on display over a shopping venue.
0	The clock behind glass has roman numeral for numbers.
1	the clock beside glass has roman numeral for numbers.
0	There is a large clock in the foreground and a large building in the background.
1	there is a large clock in the foreground and a large building beside the background.
0	A clock that is on the top of a pole.
1	a clock that is with the top of a pole.
0	scissors sitting on top of cut up credit cards
1	scissors sitting upon top of cut up credit cards
0	a baby in a blue jacket and a white stuffed rabbit
1	a baby upon a blue jacket and a white stuffed rabbit
0	A happy man making sandwiches in a kitchen
1	a happy man making sandwiches over a kitchen
0	A man buttering toast in his kitchen on the counter.
1	a man buttering toast in his kitchen beside the counter.
0	A man giving a smile while standing over some buttered bread.
1	a man giving a smile while standing below some buttered bread.
0	A smiling man is over a kitchen countertop.
1	a smiling man is upon a kitchen countertop.
0	A smiling man butters his bread in a homey kitchen.
1	a smiling man butters his bread beside a homey kitchen.
1	a angry man making sandwiches in a kitchen
0	Two bowls on a table with silverware, one containing fried potato wedges.
1	two bowls behind a table with silverware, one containing fried potato wedges.
0	a table with bowls of different food on top
1	a table with bowls of different food beside top
0	Someone's lunch is being displayed on a table.
1	someone's lunch is being displayed behind a table.
1	a table with bowls of like food on top
0	a table that has a wine bottle and cups on it
1	a table that has a wine bottle and cups in it
0	Separate men sitting on park benches playing on phone and reading.
1	separate men sitting on park benches playing in phone and reading.
0	Two men sit on park benches in a city street scene.
1	two men sit upon park benches in a city street scene.
0	Two men, one reading, one on his phone, sit on park benches near a flower bed.
1	two men, one reading, one behind his phone, sit on park benches near a flower bed.
0	Two men sitting on separate city benches at a park.
1	two men sitting on separate city benches beside a park.
0	a kitchen with a sink on a counter top
1	a kitchen with a sink in a counter top
0	a kitchen with a sink near a window
1	a kitchen with a sink below a window
0	An empty kitchen sink underneath a window, on the counter.
1	an empty kitchen sink underneath a window, in the counter.
0	A blue bowl sitting on a table with a banana in it.
1	a blue bowl sitting beside a table with a banana in it.
0	There is one ripe banana sitting in a blue bowl.
1	there is one ripe banana sitting at a blue bowl.
0	A banana sitting in a bowl that is on the table.
1	a banana sitting beside a bowl that is on the table.
0	A blue ceramic style bowl that has one ripe banana with brown spots inside of it.
1	a blue ceramic style bowl that has one ripe banana with brown spots beneath of it.
0	many different tools hanging on a wall with spatulas
1	many different tools hanging upon a wall with spatulas
0	Many different utensils hanging up on a wall.
1	many different utensils hanging up beside a wall.
1	many like tools hanging on a wall with spatulas
1	many like utensils hanging up on a wall.
0	A couple of people standing at a counter with some food.
1	a couple of people standing behind a counter with some food.
0	Man and woman choosing dessert from buffet counter near stove hood.
1	man and woman choosing dessert from buffet counter over stove hood.
0	a man and a woman are standing in front of food
1	a man and a woman are standing under front of food
0	A person is in a bathroom and is taking a photo of himself in a mirrors reflection.
1	a person is upon a bathroom and is taking a photo of himself in a mirrors reflection.
0	a sink and bathtub in bathroom with flowered wallpaper
1	a sink and bathtub over bathroom with flowered wallpaper
0	The flash of a camera glaring in a mirror.
1	the flash of a camera glaring upon a mirror.
0	the back of a car on a snowy road
1	the back of a car beside a snowy road
0	Several cars driving down the road in the snow.
1	several cars driving down the road under the snow.
0	a few cars driving in the snow through a traffic light
1	a few cars driving in the snow up a traffic light
0	A city street filled with lots of cars driving through the snow.
1	a city street filled with lots of cars driving up the snow.
0	Clocks on a light pole on a city street.
1	clocks upon a light pole on a city street.
0	Ornate clock on the curb of a city street.
1	ornate clock behind the curb of a city street.
0	An outdoor clock mounted on a pole on a city street.
1	an outdoor clock mounted beside a pole on a city street.
0	A clock on top of a pole sitting next to a street.
1	a clock upon top of a pole sitting next to a street.
0	A clock stands on the corner of a city street.
1	a clock stands with the corner of a city street.
1	an indoor clock mounted on a pole on a city street.
0	This toilet has a lot of wadded up tissue paper in it.
1	this toilet has a lot of wadded up tissue paper at it.
0	A white toilet filled with toilet paper inside of a bathroom.
1	a white toilet filled with toilet paper up of a bathroom.
0	A blue clock with roman numerals on a tower.
1	a blue clock with roman numerals behind a tower.
0	Clock on outside of tower top with birds flying in the background
1	clock beside outside of tower top with birds flying in the background
0	A tower with a blue clock on a roof dormer.
1	a tower with a blue clock beside a roof dormer.
0	A computer desk that has three monitors on top of it.
1	a computer desk that has three monitors in top of it.
0	a close up of a bowl of food on a table
1	a close up of a bowl of food behind a table
0	A small bowl fresh fruit with creme sitting on the table.
1	a small bowl fresh fruit with creme sitting with the table.
0	a man sitting on a dirtbike in a circus ring
1	a man sitting with a dirtbike in a circus ring
0	A man that is sitting on a dirt bike.
1	a man that is sitting in a dirt bike.
0	A person sitting on a motorcycle in a room.
1	a person sitting on a motorcycle beside a room.
0	A bike stands on his dirtbike in a circus.
1	a bike stands on his dirtbike at a circus.
0	A man stands with his motorcycle in a colorful arena.
1	a man stands on his motorcycle in a colorful arena.
0	A white cat caught a bird outside on a patio.
1	a white cat caught a bird outside with a patio.
0	Grey house cat devours a song bird on a door step
1	grey house cat devours a song bird upon a door step
0	A cat eating a dead bird on the ground.
1	a cat eating a dead bird in the ground.
0	A long haired cat eating a dead bird.
1	a short haired cat eating a dead bird.
0	a small plane with a propellor sitting on a runway
1	a small plane on a propellor sitting on a runway
0	A small engine plane sitting on a runway.
1	a small engine plane sitting beside a runway.
0	a small propeller plane sits on a run way
1	a small propeller plane sits with a run way
0	The small, single engine airplane is parked on the tarmac.
1	the small, single engine airplane is parked upon the tarmac.
0	A single propellor aircraft that is parked on an airport apron with vehicles and another plane in the background.
1	a single propellor aircraft that is parked with an airport apron with vehicles and another plane in the background.
0	A group of large passenger jets parked in front of an airport.
1	a group of large passenger jets parked under front of an airport.
0	Multiple commercial passenger airplanes at their gate at an airport.
1	multiple commercial passenger airplanes behind their gate at an airport.
0	A group of planes near control tower in an airport.
1	a group of planes in control tower in an airport.
0	A giraffe is standing in the grass near a stone wall.
1	a giraffe is standing in the grass across a stone wall.
0	A baby giraffe is shown in the grass at the zoo.
1	a baby giraffe is shown in the grass behind the zoo.
0	A group of giraffe standing standing on a green field.
1	a group of giraffe standing standing beside a green field.
0	A baby and adult giraffe are fenced in
1	a baby and adult giraffe are fenced upon
0	Two giraffes standing in the grass near a metal fence.
1	two giraffes standing beside the grass near a metal fence.
0	A man sitting on a park bench next to a herd of sheep.
1	a man sitting over a park bench next to a herd of sheep.
0	A man sitting on a park bench near some lambs
1	a man sitting on a park bench upon some lambs
0	An older man sitting on a park bench looking at a sheep
1	an older man sitting in a park bench looking at a sheep
0	A man is sitting on a bench and looking to the left.
1	a man is sitting over a bench and looking to the left.
0	An older man sitting on a bench looking at sheep
1	an older man sitting upon a bench looking at sheep
0	A black and white photo of a couple hugging in a park bench
1	a black and white photo of a couple hugging beside a park bench
0	A couple sits on a bench near a pond
1	a couple sits behind a bench near a pond
0	Two giraffes in a windowed enclosure in a zoo.
1	two giraffes beside a windowed enclosure in a zoo.
0	A couple of people feeding giraffes by hand at a zoo.
1	a couple of people feeding giraffes by hand upon a zoo.
0	A couple looking at a giraffe over a wooden fence.
1	a couple looking behind a giraffe over a wooden fence.
0	Giraffe holding it's head mid way with a wooden gate behind it.
1	giraffe holding it's head mid way with a wooden gate below it.
0	a tall giraffe standing in front of a wood fence
1	a tall giraffe standing at front of a wood fence
0	A girafe standing in front of a wooden fence.
1	a girafe standing under front of a wooden fence.
0	A giraffe stands in an enclosure in the winter.
1	a giraffe stands in an enclosure over the winter.
0	a giraffe in its pen a fence grass and trees
1	a giraffe at its pen a fence grass and trees
0	A man has stopped in the middle of the street and his hands are full.
1	a man has stopped upon the middle of the street and his hands are full.
0	A guy standing in the street holding some stuff.
1	a guy standing at the street holding some stuff.
0	A man standing in the street holding papers
1	a man standing beside the street holding papers
0	a person walking on a city street near a traffic light
1	a person walking on a city street in a traffic light
0	a bus driving on a city street with trees
1	a bus driving beside a city street with trees
0	A red bus with advertisements on the side traveling down a road.
1	a red bus with advertisements in the side traveling down a road.
0	A red fire hydrant sitting on top of red leaves.
1	a red fire hydrant sitting over top of red leaves.
0	A red fire-hydrant in a park of some sort.
1	a red fire-hydrant over a park of some sort.
0	Twin fire plugs are planted just a few feet apart on the grassy strip
1	twin fire plugs are planted just a few feet apart in the grassy strip
0	two red and blue fire hydrants sitting in the snow and grass
1	two red and blue fire hydrants sitting upon the snow and grass
0	a couple of fire hydrants sit on some snowy grass
1	a couple of fire hydrants sit in some snowy grass
0	A double decker bus parked in front of a tall building.
1	a double decker bus parked over front of a tall building.
0	A travel bus sits in front of a building while people board.
1	a travel bus sits over front of a building while people board.
0	This is a double-decker bus shown in a tropical area.
1	this is a double-decker bus shown at a tropical area.
0	A red sign notifying drivers that there is no parking allowed at any time.
1	a red sign notifying drivers that there is no parking allowed over any time.
0	A building near the sidewalk with a yellow curb and a no parking sign next to it
1	a building in the sidewalk with a yellow curb and a no parking sign next to it
0	A street sign on the side of a lot next to a building.
1	a street sign upon the side of a lot next to a building.
0	A giraffe standing up near a few deer
1	a giraffe standing up across a few deer
0	Two giraffes and several deer in a zoo enclosure.
1	two giraffes and several deer at a zoo enclosure.
0	a close up of a street sign near a power pole
1	a close up of a street sign in a power pole
0	A man rides a horse through a creek.
1	a man rides a horse around` a creek.
0	A man rides a horse through the water in the woods.
1	a man rides a horse through the water over the woods.
0	A man on a white, brown and black horse riding through a creek.
1	a man in a white, brown and black horse riding through a creek.
0	A man on a horse, riding through water.
1	a man beside a horse, riding through water.
0	people at costume party dressed up in costumes
1	people at costume party dressed up upon costumes
0	A group of people in costume standing around each other.
1	a group of people upon costume standing around each other.
0	A group of people at a costume party posing for a photo.
1	a group of people behind a costume party posing for a photo.
0	Train track running alongside a mountain with an orange train car in distance.
1	train track running alongside a mountain with an orange train car over distance.
0	A vehicle is approaching on the train track.
1	a vehicle is approaching in the train track.
0	There is a yellow vehicle on the tracks in the distance.
1	there is a yellow vehicle upon the tracks in the distance.
0	A train is in the distance on some train tracks.
1	a train is in the distance in some train tracks.
0	A couple of kids with some food on a couch.
1	a couple of kids with some food beside a couch.
0	A couple of little girls sitting on top of a couch.
1	a couple of little girls sitting behind top of a couch.
0	Two young girls with Winnie the Pooh birthday hats sit on chair
1	two young girls with winnie the pooh birthday hats sit upon chair
0	two children sitting on a chair with a plate of food
1	two children sitting on a chair on a plate of food
1	two happy girls with winnie the pooh birthday hats sit on chair
0	two girls eating ice cream at a party
1	two girls eating ice cream upon a party
0	Two toddlers wearing birthday hats on a couch holding spoons near bowl of ice cream.
1	two toddlers wearing birthday hats in a couch holding spoons near bowl of ice cream.
0	Two young children sitting on a couch with food.
1	two young children sitting in a couch with food.
1	two happy children sitting on a couch with food.
0	And owl sitting in the grass looking up.
1	and owl sitting under the grass looking up.
0	An owl looking up at somebody looking at it.
1	an owl looking up at somebody looking across it.
0	A cat is sleeping on a computer desk.
1	a cat is sleeping behind a computer desk.
0	a cat laying on a laptop on a desk
1	a cat laying on a laptop beside a desk
0	A cat taking a nap upon a laptop computer on a desk.
1	a cat taking a nap in a laptop computer on a desk.
0	A cat sleeping on a laptop on a wooden desk.
1	a cat sleeping on a laptop upon a wooden desk.
0	Long exposure picture of a train passing by with trees lining
1	long exposure picture of a train passing on with trees lining
0	A train driving down the tracks on a cloudy day.
1	a train driving down the tracks with a cloudy day.
1	short exposure picture of a train passing by with trees lining
0	A parking meter with a reserved space bag over it's right side.
1	a parking meter with a reserved space bag near it's right side.
0	Two parking meter's with one covered and has graffiti on it.
1	two parking meter's with one covered and has graffiti beside it.
0	A parking meter with a reserved sign draped over it.
1	a parking meter with a reserved sign draped near it.
0	Adults with pickup truck next to field with sunflowers.
1	adults with pickup truck next to field on sunflowers.
0	Three people near a truck in a sunflower field.
1	three people across a truck in a sunflower field.
0	Group of men sitting on the back of the pick up truck in front of a wooded area.
1	group of men sitting behind the back of the pick up truck in front of a wooded area.
0	A group of young people hanging out around a white truck.
1	a group of happy people hanging out around a white truck.
0	a cat with some items laid on top of him.
1	a cat with some items laid with top of him.
0	a cat on a bed with dishes on top of it
1	a cat on a bed with dishes behind top of it
0	A cat sitting on a chair with a beer cozy and empty glass pie plate on top of it.
1	a cat sitting over a chair with a beer cozy and empty glass pie plate on top of it.
0	A black cat sitting on a chair at a table with plate of food and coffee.
1	a black cat sitting on a chair beside a table with plate of food and coffee.
0	Cat sitting on a chair next to a table with a plate of food.
1	cat sitting beside a chair next to a table with a plate of food.
0	A cat sitting on a chiar next to a plate with eggs and toast on it
1	a cat sitting in a chiar next to a plate with eggs and toast on it
0	A cat sits on a chair next to a set table.
1	a cat sits in a chair next to a set table.
0	A cat sitting on the chair at a dining room table.
1	a cat sitting behind the chair at a dining room table.
0	A is cat seated near a wine glass.
1	a is cat seated over a wine glass.
0	A cat and half empty glass of wine sitting on a table.
1	a cat and half empty glass of wine sitting with a table.
0	Glass of red wine with mottled cat behind on table.
1	glass of red wine with mottled cat behind beside table.
0	A glass of wine sitting on a table in front of a grey cat.
1	a glass of wine sitting in a table in front of a grey cat.
0	A rusted out dairy truck sitting in a  field with an old rubber tire leaning up against it.
1	a rusted out dairy truck sitting under a field with an old rubber tire leaning up against it.
0	A run down dairy delivery truck in a field
1	a run down dairy delivery truck at a field
0	The rusted remains of a old truck is sitting next to a pile of tires near a park.
1	the rusted remains of a old truck is sitting next to a pile of tires over a park.
0	an old dairy truck is rotting away in a field
1	an old dairy truck is rotting away under a field
0	The cows gather on the grass covered hill.
1	the cows gather in the grass covered hill.
0	A group of cows standing in a grassy field
1	a group of cows standing beside a grassy field
0	a small herd of cows standing on a grassy hill
1	a small herd of cows standing with a grassy hill
0	A cat sitting in behind a window looking out.
1	a cat sitting in in a window looking out.
0	a cat is sitting in a window that has a dirty exterior
1	a cat is sitting at a window that has a dirty exterior
0	Boats docked at a harbor facing the city.
1	boats docked upon a harbor facing the city.
0	A city's downtown skyline at dusk on the waterfront.
1	a city's downtown skyline at dusk upon the waterfront.
0	A city ferry sits docked with the city in the background.
1	a city ferry sits docked with the city at the background.
0	A small ferry boat is moored at the end of a dock.
1	a small ferry boat is moored upon the end of a dock.
0	Boats at the dock with a city backdrop.
1	boats behind the dock with a city backdrop.
0	A white boat floating on a lake under mountains.
1	a white boat floating on a lake across mountains.
0	A yacht next to smaller boats docked on water.
1	a yacht next to smaller boats docked in water.
0	Several boats in the water docked at a port.
1	several boats under the water docked at a port.
0	White dog getting attention from cows in farm enclosure.
1	white dog getting attention from cows beside farm enclosure.
0	A cat rests its paws on a laptop computer keyboard.
1	a cat rests its paws upon a laptop computer keyboard.
0	A cat with its paws on a keyboard
1	a cat with its paws upon a keyboard
0	A bull with long horns stands near a wooden fence.
1	a bull with long horns stands over a wooden fence.
0	A bull-like animal of some sort in an enclosed area.
1	a bull-like animal of some sort upon an enclosed area.
1	a bull with short horns stands near a wooden fence.
0	The two cats are sitting on the blue chair.
1	the two cats are sitting over the blue chair.
0	A grey tabby cat and an orange tabby cat sitting on a blue chair
1	a grey tabby cat and an orange tabby cat sitting in a blue chair
0	A picture of an elephant standing on top of a boat.
1	a picture of an elephant standing behind top of a boat.
0	An elephant riding on top of a ship.
1	an elephant riding beside top of a ship.
0	A an elephant is superimposed over a photo of a ship.
1	a an elephant is superimposed on a photo of a ship.
0	A collage of an elephant on top of a yacht says Wheee.
1	a collage of an elephant beside top of a yacht says wheee.
0	A group of raft boats sitting on a river side.
1	a group of raft boats sitting with a river side.
0	Several boats are docked under a tall mountain.
1	several boats are docked below a tall mountain.
0	A couple of boats near a short line near tall mountains.
1	a couple of boats near a short line over tall mountains.
1	a couple of boats near a long line near tall mountains.
0	A man holding a elephant with some kids on the top.
1	a man holding a elephant on some kids on the top.
0	A man walking a small elephant with two riders on it.
1	a man walking a small elephant with two riders in it.
0	Two children are sitting on an elephant by water.
1	two children are sitting beside an elephant by water.
0	A man is walking next to elephant with two kids on its back.
1	a man is walking next to elephant with two kids in its back.
0	A group of elephants standing in a field in front of trees.
1	a group of elephants standing in a field at front of trees.
0	an image of several elephants herding in the pasture
1	an image of several elephants herding over the pasture
0	A food cart sitting on the side of a crosswalk.
1	a food cart sitting in the side of a crosswalk.
0	food cart covered by umbrella and tarp in asia
1	food cart covered by umbrella and tarp upon asia
0	A man looks at his phone while he walks by a food cart at a store.
1	a man looks at his phone while he walks by a food cart behind a store.
0	A young man is holding a baby on his lap.
1	a young man is holding a baby with his lap.
0	A man holding a young child on his lap.
1	a man holding a young child in his lap.
0	a young kid holding a mans had while sitting in his lap
1	a young kid holding a mans had while sitting beside his lap
0	A man in a purple shirt and tie holds a baby girl.
1	a man beside a purple shirt and tie holds a baby girl.
0	A young baby is being held by a man with a goatee.
1	a happy man is holding a baby on his lap.
1	a happy baby is being held by a man with a goatee.
1	a man holding a happy child on his lap.
1	a happy kid holding a mans had while sitting in his lap
0	An elephant in the water inside its exhibit.
1	an elephant beside the water inside its exhibit.
0	An elephant in an enclosure walking in a water hole.
1	an elephant in an enclosure walking beside a water hole.
0	An elephant in a water hole under a waterfall.
1	an elephant over a water hole under a waterfall.
0	an elephant is enjoying a swim in his pen
1	an elephant is enjoying a swim upon his pen
0	An elephant is walking in the water by a fence.
1	an elephant is walking beside the water by a fence.
0	Two elephants that are standing in the dirt.
1	two elephants that are standing over the dirt.
0	two elephants near a pond at a zoo
1	two elephants near a pond behind a zoo
0	Two elephants that are walking together in an enclosure.
1	two elephants that are walking together under an enclosure.
0	Two elephants from side standing one in front of another in an outdoor natural enclosure with rocks, dirt and trees, and a group of people looking at them in the distance from other side of a wall.
1	two elephants from side standing one beside front of another in an outdoor natural enclosure with rocks, dirt and trees, and a group of people looking at them in the distance from other side of a wall.
1	two elephants from side standing one in front of another in an indoor natural enclosure with rocks, dirt and trees, and a group of people looking at them in the distance from other side of a wall.
0	A man holding an umbrella in the rain at a foot ball game.
1	a man holding an umbrella in the rain beside a foot ball game.
0	Football players and a coach hold umbrellas on the field in front of empty bleachers.
1	football players and a coach hold umbrellas upon the field in front of empty bleachers.
0	a coach standing by his young football players while holding an umbrella in the rain
1	a coach standing by his young football players while holding an umbrella beside the rain
1	a coach standing by his happy football players while holding an umbrella in the rain
0	People with elephants doing various activities in a river.
1	people on elephants doing various activities in a river.
0	A group of elephants being cleaned by their handlers in a river.
1	a group of elephants being cleaned on their handlers in a river.
0	People riding and washing elephants in a stream.
1	people riding and washing elephants at a stream.
0	A group of people in the water helping some elephants.
1	a group of people under the water helping some elephants.
0	An old man standing on the waters edge with an umbrella.
1	an old man standing in the waters edge with an umbrella.
0	A man in a red jacket standing next to a river.
1	a man over a red jacket standing next to a river.
0	A man with an umbrella is smiling on a cloudy day.
1	a man with an umbrella is smiling upon a cloudy day.
0	A man in a red jacket holding an umbrella outside near a harbor.
1	a man in a red jacket holding an umbrella outside in a harbor.
0	several dogs behind a crate with hay on the ground
1	several dogs behind a crate with hay with the ground
0	The beagles are penned in, but two have pushed their heads through the openings in the splintery wood slats.
1	the beagles are penned in, but two have pushed their heads up the openings in the splintery wood slats.
0	A motorbike is parked on a street next to abandoned furniture.
1	a motorbike is parked upon a street next to abandoned furniture.
0	A motorcycle is parked on the street with an umbrella on it.
1	a motorcycle is parked on the street with an umbrella behind it.
0	A red motorcycle is parked near a curb and cover by a red and blue umbrella.
1	a red motorcycle is parked in a curb and cover by a red and blue umbrella.
0	three elephants walking in a field near one another
1	three elephants walking at a field near one another
0	Some very cute elephants in a big field.
1	some very cute elephants beside a big field.
0	Two elephants walk in their enclosure with a baby elephant.
1	two elephants walk at their enclosure with a baby elephant.
0	An outdoor patio area with a wooden bench, plastic chair and a black piece of luggage with a closed umbrella resting on top of it.
1	an outdoor patio area with a wooden bench, plastic chair and a black piece of luggage with a closed umbrella resting behind top of it.
0	A SUIT CASE IS ON THE SIDE WALK
1	a suit case is behind the side walk
1	an indoor patio area with a wooden bench, plastic chair and a black piece of luggage with a closed umbrella resting on top of it.
0	A dog that is laying on a bed.
1	a dog that is laying with a bed.
0	A large brown and white dog laying on top of a bed.
1	a large brown and white dog laying in top of a bed.
0	A Shetland sheep dog laying on a bed spread.
1	a shetland sheep dog laying in a bed spread.
0	A white and brown dog playing with frisbee in the field
1	a white and brown dog playing with frisbee upon the field
0	Collie dog chasing an object in a yard.
1	collie dog chasing an object beside a yard.
0	A dog trying to fetch something in the yard outside.
1	a dog trying to fetch something under the yard outside.
0	a dog sitting on its hind legs with its mouth open
1	a dog sitting over its hind legs with its mouth open
0	A collie in a field tries to catch a wood board.
1	a collie upon a field tries to catch a wood board.
0	Some very pretty zebras walking on a dirt road.
1	some very pretty zebras walking beside a dirt road.
0	The backside of three different Zebras in the wild.
1	the backside of three different zebras upon the wild.
0	Three zebras walking on a dirt road together while other zebras are grazing.
1	three zebras walking over a dirt road together while other zebras are grazing.
0	Several zebras running together on a dusty road.
1	several zebras running together over a dusty road.
1	the backside of three like zebras in the wild.
0	A group of zebras are standing on a grassy area.
1	a group of zebras are standing beside a grassy area.
0	Some zebras are standing in a field together
1	some zebras are standing upon a field together
0	Some zebras are standing in the middle of a grassland.
1	some zebras are standing beside the middle of a grassland.
0	Two zebras eating some grass together in an open area.
1	two zebras eating some grass together at an open area.
0	Two Zebras are eating grass in a field.
1	two zebras are eating grass under a field.
0	Two zebras in a field are eating grass.
1	two zebras over a field are eating grass.
0	There are a pair of zebras grazing in the field.
1	there are a pair of zebras grazing at the field.
0	A woman is sitting on a horse next to the steps
1	a woman is sitting over a horse next to the steps
0	A woman sitting on  horse in a river.
1	a woman sitting behind horse in a river.
0	A woman sitting on a horse in water
1	a woman sitting on a horse upon water
0	a woman rides a horse through a body of water
1	a woman rides a horse within a body of water
0	A woman riding a horse through the lake.
1	a woman riding a horse outside the lake.
0	A young man riding a horse in the river waters
1	a happy man riding a horse in the river waters
0	A man in white baseball uniform and catcher.
1	a man under white baseball uniform and catcher.
0	A ball player holding a baseball bat in a game.
1	a ball player holding a baseball bat over a game.
0	A person in a white uniform standing at home plate in front of a catcher.
1	a person in a white uniform standing at home plate upon front of a catcher.
0	A close of up a half eaten chocolate cake.
1	a close of within a half eaten chocolate cake.
0	A white plate covered in chocolate cake and a fork.
1	a white plate covered at chocolate cake and a fork.
0	A white plate with crumbled chocolate cake on it.
1	a white plate with crumbled chocolate cake upon it.
0	A produced shelf in a store filled with fruits and veggies.
1	a produced shelf in a store filled on fruits and veggies.
0	some people at an outdoor market with many different kinds of fruit
1	some people behind an outdoor market with many different kinds of fruit
0	Women perusing fruits at a street produce stand.
1	women perusing fruits upon a street produce stand.
0	Women are standing in front of a fruit display in a market.
1	women are standing in front of a fruit display over a market.
0	A group of people at an outdoor market near a fruit display.
1	some people at an indoor market with many different kinds of fruit
1	a group of people at an indoor market near a fruit display.
0	A variety of fruits and berries in a closed jar
1	a variety of fruits and berries at a closed jar
0	A clear jar containing blueberries, raspberries, oranges, and liquid sits on a table.
1	a clear jar containing blueberries, raspberries, oranges, and liquid sits in a table.
0	A bowl full of vegetables sitting on a table with a fork.
1	a bowl full of vegetables sitting with a table with a fork.
0	A close up of a bowl of chopped vegetables.
1	a close towards of a bowl of chopped vegetables.
0	Two people sitting on a concrete block, with their feet on skateboards.
1	two people sitting with a concrete block, with their feet on skateboards.
0	Two skateboarders sit on a ledge with their feet on their skateboards.
1	two skateboarders sit behind a ledge with their feet on their skateboards.
0	Two skateboarders sitting on a cement block with their skateboards underneath their feet.
1	two skateboarders sitting on a cement block on their skateboards underneath their feet.
0	Two young skate boarders sit on a concrete bench at night.
1	two happy skate boarders sit on a concrete bench at night.
0	Buffet-style food on a table, including bread, cheese, and vegetables.
1	buffet-style food over a table, including bread, cheese, and vegetables.
0	A variety of plated foods placed on a tiled table.
1	a variety of plated foods placed behind a tiled table.
0	Vegetable dishes and toasted bread are served on a mosaic table.
1	vegetable dishes and toasted bread are served behind a mosaic table.
0	View of a skateboarder igrinding a rail through a lens
1	view of a skateboarder igrinding a rail around` a lens
0	a view through through a window of a skate boarder
1	a view outside through a window of a skate boarder
0	A boy is jumping a hurdle while on a skateboard.
1	a boy is jumping a hurdle while upon a skateboard.
0	The man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard.
1	the man is practicing his tricks upon his skateboard.
0	A boy snowboards down a snowy hill on a snowy day.
1	a boy snowboards down a snowy hill behind a snowy day.
0	A young boy snowboards down a hill in winter.
1	a young boy snowboards down a hill upon winter.
1	a happy boy snowboards down a hill in winter.
0	A young man does a trick on a skateboard in a bowl while other children with bikes and scooters watch.
1	a young man does a trick on a skateboard beside a bowl while other children with bikes and scooters watch.
0	A person on a skateboard on a ramp.
1	a person beside a skateboard on a ramp.
0	A young man is skate boarding on a ledge with people around.
1	a happy man does a trick on a skateboard in a bowl while other children with bikes and scooters watch.
1	a happy man is skate boarding on a ledge with people around.
0	A woman enjoying a fresh donut outside a bakery
1	a woman enjoying a fresh donut towards a bakery
0	a lady eating something outside with purple benches behind her
1	a lady eating something underneath with purple benches behind her
0	a close up of a burrito french fries and a cup of fruit
1	a close towards of a burrito french fries and a cup of fruit
0	A table topped with a cut in half burrito next to cup of veggies.
1	a table topped with a cut under half burrito next to cup of veggies.
0	A man holding a slice of cheese pizza in his right hand.
1	a man holding a slice of cheese pizza upon his right hand.
0	A man biting into a slice of pizza on the street.
1	a man biting into a slice of pizza over the street.
0	Young man eating slice of delicious cheese pizza.
1	happy man eating slice of delicious cheese pizza.
0	A guy is holding a donut with sprinkles on it.
1	a guy is holding a donut with sprinkles upon it.
0	a candle next to a bunt cake on a green plate
1	a candle next to a bunt cake in a green plate
0	A cake sitting on top of a table next to a candle.
1	a cake sitting with top of a table next to a candle.
0	A partially eaten bundt cake next to a lit candle.
1	a altogether eaten bundt cake next to a lit candle.
0	A man in grey shirt paddling on a surfboard.
1	a man beside grey shirt paddling on a surfboard.
0	a man standing on a surfboard below a sign in the air
1	a man standing over a surfboard below a sign in the air
0	clear glasses on a table with a white cake with red flowers on it
1	clear glasses beside a table with a white cake with red flowers on it
0	A small two tier wedding cake is embellished with red flowers, on a table with stemware artfully arranged.
1	a small two tier wedding cake is embellished with red flowers, beside a table with stemware artfully arranged.
0	a cake near many glasses and cups wit ha sky background
1	a cake across many glasses and cups wit ha sky background
0	A fancy desert on a table with a number of drinking glasses.
1	a fancy desert behind a table with a number of drinking glasses.
0	A girl wearing a t-shirt with a cake decoration on it eats cake.
1	a girl wearing a t-shirt on a cake decoration on it eats cake.
0	a little girl in a pink shirt is eating some cake
1	a little girl under a pink shirt is eating some cake
0	A toddler standing at an outside table eating cake
1	a toddler standing upon an outside table eating cake
0	A young girl eating a piece of cake off of a plate.
1	a happy girl eating a piece of cake off of a plate.
0	a close up of a person measuring and cutting a green substance
1	a close towards of a person measuring and cutting a green substance
0	Some green pieces of bread that have been cut in strips.
1	some green pieces of bread that have been cut over strips.
0	A person riding a wind-sail on top of a body of water.
1	a person riding a wind-sail in top of a body of water.
0	A man in a wetsuit windsurfing on a lake.
1	a man in a wetsuit windsurfing beside a lake.
0	A man is sailing alone on the rippling waer.
1	a man is sailing alone upon the rippling waer.
0	A man in a black surfing suit on a individual para sail.
1	a man over a black surfing suit on a individual para sail.
0	A man holding an orange surfboard on top of a beach.
1	a man holding an orange surfboard beside top of a beach.
0	A man standing on the beach holding a surf board.
1	a man standing beside the beach holding a surf board.
0	This man is standing by a lake looking at the water.
1	this man is standing by a lake looking across the water.
0	Water is washing gently on to the sand.
1	water is washing gently behind to the sand.
0	A person walking in the sand in a low tide beach.
1	a person walking beside the sand in a low tide beach.
0	a man on a board in the ocean water
1	a man upon a board in the ocean water
0	A person on a sail board rides the water.
1	a person beside a sail board rides the water.
0	A man is sail surfing and is jumping in the air.
1	a man is sail surfing and is jumping over the air.
0	A man is windsurfing on a sunny day.
1	a man is windsurfing behind a sunny day.
0	A woman stands with a seated child on a paddle board.
1	a woman stands with a seated child beside a paddle board.
0	A woman and child paddle boarding in the ocean.
1	a woman and child paddle boarding under the ocean.
0	A female toddler who just finished eating with a bow in her hair
1	a female toddler who just finished eating with a bow upon her hair
0	A little girl sitting at a table with food on her face
1	a little girl sitting over a table with food on her face
0	An adorable baby girl sitting at a table with food on her face.
1	an adorable baby girl sitting upon a table with food on her face.
0	A baby with food on her face and her tongue sticking out.
1	a baby with food over her face and her tongue sticking out.
0	A young toddler with food on her face sticking out her tongue.
1	a happy toddler with food on her face sticking out her tongue.
0	A pink bedspread is featured in this bedroom.
1	a pink bedspread is featured at this bedroom.
0	A very well made be and a lei on the night stand
1	a very well made be and a lei beside the night stand
0	A bed in a bedroom sitting between two lamps.
1	a bed at a bedroom sitting between two lamps.
0	a plate with some pizza slices on it
1	a plate with some pizza slices behind it
0	A homemade pizza served on a brown plate.
1	a homemade pizza served behind a brown plate.
0	Someone is holding a plates of pizza outside.
1	someone is holding a plates of pizza within.
0	a person holds a plate with some food on it
1	a person holds a plate on some food on it
0	a man is cooking foods on an outside grill
1	a man is cooking foods beside an outside grill
0	A woman cooking her dinner over an open fire.
1	a woman cooking her dinner upon an open fire.
0	A woman prepares food on an outdoor iron pit
1	a woman prepares food on an indoor iron pit
0	An infant laying on a bed with his eyes closed
1	an infant laying upon a bed with his eyes closed
0	A baby sleeping on top of a blanket wearing pajamas.
1	a baby sleeping beside top of a blanket wearing pajamas.
0	baby laying on bed with their eyes closed
1	baby laying upon bed with their eyes closed
0	A baby sleeping and wrinkling its face while on a bed.
1	a baby sleeping and wrinkling its face while beside a bed.
0	A smiling old lady holds a pizza on a plate.
1	a smiling old lady holds a pizza behind a plate.
0	A woman holding a plate with a pizza on it
1	a woman holding a plate with a pizza behind it
0	A woman holding a pizza on a red plate.
1	a woman holding a pizza behind a red plate.
0	a pizza with a lot of cheese on it on a oven board
1	a pizza with a lot of cheese upon it on a oven board
0	A pizza sitting on top of a cutting board.
1	a pizza sitting in top of a cutting board.
0	A large oblong uncooked pizza with toppings in an oven.
1	a large oblong uncooked pizza with toppings over an oven.
0	Small child in white outfit on a tennis court with a racket in hand.
1	small child in white outfit with a tennis court with a racket in hand.
0	A boy swinging a tennis racquet at a ball.
1	a boy swinging a tennis racquet upon a ball.
0	A young child who is swinging a tennis racket.
1	a happy child who is swinging a tennis racket.
0	A man playing tennis on a blue tennis court
1	a man playing tennis behind a blue tennis court
0	Children enjoying pizza out with friends at a restaurant
1	children enjoying pizza out on friends at a restaurant
0	Three children sit on the far side of a table containing several pizza pans.
1	three children sit in the far side of a table containing several pizza pans.
0	The remnants of pizzas are lined up on a long table with kids playing with a phone.
1	the remnants of pizzas are lined up beside a long table with kids playing with a phone.
0	This family is having three different kinds of pizza for dinner.
1	this family is having three like kinds of pizza for dinner.
1	the remnants of pizzas are lined up on a narrow table with kids playing with a phone.
0	A living room with yellow walls, a beige couch, and a flat screen TV near a window.
1	a living room with yellow walls, a beige couch, and a flat screen tv in a window.
0	A young man holding a game controller in his hands.
1	a young man holding a game controller beside his hands.
0	A man has a game controller in his hand.
1	a man has a game controller upon his hand.
0	A man with a smile on his face playing a video game.
1	a man with a smile in his face playing a video game.
0	A male standing up with a Wii remote control strapped on his hand.
1	a male standing up on a wii remote control strapped on his hand.
1	a happy man holding a game controller in his hands.
0	two people playing with electronics in their room
1	two people playing with electronics under their room
0	The cat is sitting on the rug in front of the stereo
1	the cat is sitting on the rug over front of the stereo
0	A bunny sits alone in an empty living room.
1	a bunny sits alone upon an empty living room.
0	A rabbit is sitting in front of a stereo and flat screen television in a living room.
1	a rabbit is sitting under front of a stereo and flat screen television in a living room.
0	the reflection of a car in the window of a building
1	the reflection of a car over the window of a building
0	A car is reflected in the glass of a microwave oven.
1	a car is reflected under the glass of a microwave oven.
0	A young boy in a red shirt holding a kite while walking.
1	a young boy at a red shirt holding a kite while walking.
0	A boy with a kite in his hands in a grassy field.
1	a boy with a kite beside his hands in a grassy field.
0	A young boy is holding onto a large kite.
0	Young boy playing with his multicolored kite outdoors
1	a happy boy is holding onto a large kite.
1	a happy boy in a red shirt holding a kite while walking.
1	happy boy playing with his multicolored kite outdoors
0	a laptop sitting on a big blue box
1	a laptop sitting with a big blue box
0	a pair of headphones is laying on a laptop
1	a pair of headphones is laying with a laptop
0	A small laptop sits on top of the modem.
1	a small laptop sits behind top of the modem.
0	A laptop computer, headphones and router on the table
1	a laptop computer, headphones and router in the table
0	A laptop and other electronics sitting on a desk
1	a laptop and other electronics sitting over a desk
0	In this scene we see a person flying a kite with a flag attached.
1	beside this scene we see a person flying a kite with a flag attached.
0	A person flying a colorful kite on a beach.
1	a person flying a colorful kite over a beach.
0	Man on ocean beach flying several kites on windy day.
1	man on ocean beach flying several kites in windy day.
0	A kite flying in the air at the beach.
1	a kite flying at the air at the beach.
0	Several kites flying over a grassy area under a partly cloudy sky.
1	several kites flying on a grassy area under a partly cloudy sky.
0	Trash cans are set up on this beach near a dune
1	trash cans are set up on this beach upon a dune
0	The kite is flying  high in the air
1	the kite is flying high over the air
1	several kites flying over a grassy area under a altogether cloudy sky.
0	A group of baseball players at the pitch
1	a group of baseball players over the pitch
0	The action at an amateur baseball game played on grass.
1	the action upon an amateur baseball game played on grass.
0	A tennis player playing in a match who has just hit the ball.
1	a tennis player playing over a match who has just hit the ball.
0	A man swinging a racket at a tennis ball.
1	a man swinging a racket upon a tennis ball.
0	A young person running to return the tennis ball to their opponent.
1	a happy person running to return the tennis ball to their opponent.
0	a lady that has a tennis racket in hand
1	a lady that has a tennis racket beside hand
0	A young female swinging at a tennis ball coming in low.
1	a young female swinging at a tennis ball coming beside low.
0	The woman is playing tennis on the court.
1	the woman is playing tennis over the court.
1	a happy female swinging at a tennis ball coming in low.
0	An office desk with a laptop and a phone on it.
1	an office desk with a laptop and a phone in it.
0	A desk with a telephone, monitor, laptop and a mouse on it.
1	a desk with a telephone, monitor, laptop and a mouse behind it.
0	A mini office waiting for a human being to work properly.
1	a mini office waiting for a human being to work improperly.
0	A beautiful woman sitting on a chair on a laptop.
1	a beautiful woman sitting with a chair on a laptop.
0	A woman is sitting on a bench with a laptop in her lap.
1	a woman is sitting over a bench with a laptop in her lap.
0	A woman is typing on her laptop on a bench.
1	a woman is typing on her laptop beside a bench.
0	Woman in green shirt sitting on a green chair working on laptop.
1	woman in green shirt sitting on a green chair working with laptop.
1	a ugly woman sitting on a chair on a laptop.
0	A laptop sitting on a cluttered office desk.
1	a laptop sitting beside a cluttered office desk.
0	a black laptop sitting on a cluttered desk
1	a black laptop sitting with a cluttered desk
0	A black laptop with a unique design on the screen.
1	a black laptop on a unique design on the screen.
0	A laptop computer on a desk with a large computer monitor.
1	a laptop computer beside a desk with a large computer monitor.
0	teddy bears dressed up in clothing sitting on a loveseat together
1	teddy bears dressed up under clothing sitting on a loveseat together
0	Some very cute stuffed animals on a couch.
1	some very cute stuffed animals in a couch.
0	A teddy bear couple sit on a couch together.
1	a teddy bear couple sit over a couch together.
0	Two stuffed teddy bears are placed on a couch together.
1	two stuffed teddy bears are placed over a couch together.
0	A metal refrigerator sitting inside of a kitchen next to a counter.
1	a metal refrigerator sitting up of a kitchen next to a counter.
0	a person holding a  cell phone  near a corch
1	a person holding a cell phone upon a corch
0	The woman is looking at her cell phone by a park bench.
1	the woman is looking over her cell phone by a park bench.
0	A woman in a park taking a photo with her cell phone
1	a woman upon a park taking a photo with her cell phone
0	The girl is standing and looking at her cell phone.
1	the girl is standing and looking upon her cell phone.
0	a young blonde standing and playing with her cell phone
1	a happy blonde standing and playing with her cell phone
0	A smart phone at different angles with windows.
1	a smart phone over different angles with windows.
0	A pink smartphone with Windows 8 on the screen.
1	a pink smartphone on windows 8 on the screen.
0	We are looking at multiple views of a windows phone.
1	we are looking upon multiple views of a windows phone.
1	a dumb phone at different angles with windows.
0	A person using the touch screen on a cell phone.
1	a person using the touch screen behind a cell phone.
0	A person using a smart phone while sitting in a chair.
1	a person using a smart phone while sitting beside a chair.
0	An older woman holding a cell phone in her hands
1	an older woman holding a cell phone under her hands
1	a person using a dumb phone while sitting in a chair.
0	a person playing a game on their smartphone
1	a person playing a game behind their smartphone
0	A metal microwave sitting on a counter top.
1	a metal microwave sitting in a counter top.
0	Colorful instructions written in French were attached to the small toaster oven.
1	colorful instructions written under french were attached to the small toaster oven.
0	This microwave oven has a sticker on its door.
1	this microwave oven has a sticker beside its door.
0	A note is on the front of a microwave in a public area.
1	a note is on the front of a microwave under a public area.
0	A microwave oven with a yellow note on the door.
1	a microwave oven with a yellow note behind the door.
0	An alarm clock is showing the time at 6:53.
1	an alarm clock is showing the time across 6:53.
0	An electric clock says the time "6:53" in green.
1	an electric clock says the time "6:53" over green.
0	A digital clock is displaying the time in the dark.
1	a digital clock is displaying the time under the dark.
0	A digital clock shows the current time at 6:53
1	a analog clock shows the current time at 6:53
1	a analog clock is displaying the time in the dark.
0	an image of a man preparing for guests at a reception
1	an image of a man preparing for guests beside a reception
0	A person looks through a cooler near a banquet table.
1	a person looks around` a cooler near a banquet table.
0	Several clocks display the time in different time zones.
1	several clocks display the time beside different time zones.
0	the 4 clocks show different time from different cities located in different time-zones
1	the 4 clocks show different time from different cities located beside different time-zones
0	A group of clocks that show the times in various parts of the world.
1	a group of clocks that show the times upon various parts of the world.
0	A wall with clocks mounted to it showing different times zones.
0	a wall covered clocks with different time zones
1	several clocks display the time in like time zones.
1	a wall with clocks mounted to it showing like times zones.
1	a wall covered clocks with like time zones
1	the 4 clocks show like time from different cities located in different time-zones
0	There is a tree near the tall clock.
1	there is a tree over the tall clock.
0	There is an old-looking clock in the middle of a neighborhood.
1	there is an old-looking clock upon the middle of a neighborhood.
0	A vase with a lot of beautiful flowers sitting on a table.
1	a vase with a lot of beautiful flowers sitting upon a table.
1	a vase with a lot of ugly flowers sitting on a table.
0	There is colorful tape, scissors and papers on a hard wood floor.
1	there is colorful tape, scissors and papers upon a hard wood floor.
0	there are lots of pieces of tape on the floor and a pair of scissors
1	there are lots of pieces of tape behind the floor and a pair of scissors
1	there is colorful tape, scissors and papers on a simple wood floor.
0	A little girl standing at the kitchen counter holding a spoon in a can.
1	a little girl standing at the kitchen counter holding a spoon over a can.
0	Girl in the kitchen making hot stuffed sandwiches
1	girl at the kitchen making hot stuffed sandwiches
0	A young girl is eating something out of a can
0	A young girl removing food from a can.
1	a happy girl is eating something out of a can
1	a happy girl removing food from a can.
0	A couple of plate of breakfast food, with coffee behind it.
1	a couple of plate of breakfast food, with coffee in it.
0	this is a plate with food and forks in a table
1	this is a plate with food and forks beside a table
0	there are two plates of different foods on the table
1	there are two plates of like foods on the table
0	A man is sitting at a table with a plate full of food.
1	a man is sitting over a table with a plate full of food.
0	A man is sitting at the table of a restaurant with a plate full of food.
1	a man is sitting across the table of a restaurant with a plate full of food.
0	A man holding food and smiling with a full plate of food on a table.
1	a man holding food and smiling with a full plate of food with a table.
0	A picture of a plate of food on the table.
1	a picture of a plate of food over the table.
0	There are two plates on the table in the dark room.
1	there are two plates behind the table in the dark room.
0	A sink and dishwasher are sitting in a nook.
1	a sink and dishwasher are sitting beside a nook.
0	A yellow ten speed bike parked on a bridge.
1	a yellow ten speed bike parked upon a bridge.
0	A bike parked on top of a pier next to water.
1	a bike parked upon top of a pier next to water.
0	A bike parked next to a fence near a body of water with a large boat in the background.
1	a bike parked next to a fence in a body of water with a large boat in the background.
0	A man sitting on top of a toilet with a toy on his lap.
1	a man sitting on top of a toilet with a toy over his lap.
0	a man seated on the toilet lying on it
1	a man seated behind the toilet lying on it
0	A man has a dazed look while sitting on a toilet.
1	a man has a dazed look while sitting over a toilet.
0	A man with his eyes closed sits on a toilet with a blue doll placed on his crotch.
1	a man with his eyes closed sits over a toilet with a blue doll placed on his crotch.
0	A man asleep on a toilet in a bathroom.
1	a man asleep on a toilet over a bathroom.
0	People walking around and near a city church.
1	people walking around and in a city church.
0	A large building in the background with a clock and tower on the top of it and people walking in front of it down a sidewalk and paved area.
1	a large building in the background with a clock and tower on the top of it and people walking upon front of it down a sidewalk and paved area.
0	A street with people walking about near a large ornate building.
1	a street with people walking about across a large ornate building.
0	A small clock is seen on the side of a church.
1	a small clock is seen behind the side of a church.
0	An old classic church is in front a big blue sky.
1	an old classic church is over front a big blue sky.
0	The toilet and the bidet are in the bathroom.
1	the toilet and the bidet are over the bathroom.
0	A white toilet sitting next to a bidet in a bathroom.
1	a white toilet sitting next to a bidet beside a bathroom.
0	There is a very tall building in the background.
1	there is a very tall building under the background.
0	A view of a tower from across the street. Its very unique and different.
1	a view of a tower from over the street. its very unique and different.
0	this is a sign in front of a large cathedral
1	this is a sign beside front of a large cathedral
1	a view of a tower from across the street. its very unique and like.
0	A man looking at motorcycles in a field.
1	a man looking beside motorcycles in a field.
0	Many motorcycles are parked in the ground.A middle aged person standing near a bike.
1	many motorcycles are parked in the ground.a middle aged person standing across a bike.
0	A man looks at a motorcycle amongst others in a field.
1	a man looks at a motorcycle amongst others upon a field.
0	a close up of some motorcycles parked on a grassy field
1	a close up of some motorcycles parked with a grassy field
0	A monitor, keyboard, coffee cup, and plastic bottle sit on a table.
1	a monitor, keyboard, coffee cup, and plastic bottle sit with a table.
0	A laptop next to a monitor, keyboard and mouse on a desk.
1	a laptop next to a monitor, keyboard and mouse in a desk.
0	this si a desk with two computers on it
1	this si a desk with two computers in it
0	A desk top computer and a laptop sitting on a computer desk
1	a desk top computer and a laptop sitting over a computer desk
0	there is a lap top and a desk top on this table
1	there is a lap top and a desk top over this table
0	A small dog sitting on the floor and watching another dog on TV.
1	a small dog sitting behind the floor and watching another dog on tv.
0	The dog is watching a televised scene in which another dog, poised on a bank is witnessing an emergency on the water.
1	the dog is watching a televised scene in which another dog, poised on a bank is witnessing an emergency behind the water.
0	A dog is sitting in front of the T.V.
1	a dog is sitting over front of the t.v.
0	Television being admired by cat in the corner of the room.
1	television being admired by cat beside the corner of the room.
0	A fighter jet flying through a sky above water.
1	a fighter jet flying up a sky above water.
0	White toy airplane with red on its tail.
1	white toy airplane on red on its tail.
0	Computer generated image of a Marines jet in flight
1	computer generated image of a marines jet under flight
0	A military airplane model flying over the ocean.
1	a military airplane model flying on the ocean.
0	A blue and white fighter plane on runway next to trees.
1	a blue and white fighter plane behind runway next to trees.
0	A small airplane is landing on a runway.
1	a small airplane is landing in a runway.
0	Small acrobatic plane on runway with white smoke in background.
1	small acrobatic plane in runway with white smoke in background.
0	Lots of black and white sheep grazing in a field.
1	lots of black and white sheep grazing over a field.
0	A herd of sheep grazing on grass in a field.
1	a herd of sheep grazing on grass at a field.
0	A lighted up highway splits in to in a nightime photograph.
1	a lighted up highway splits at to in a nightime photograph.
0	a cat is sitting on a wooden bench outside
1	a cat is sitting on a wooden bench underneath
0	A cat is sitting on a bench in front of two windows.
1	a cat is sitting behind a bench in front of two windows.
0	A cat sits on a bench next to a building.
1	a cat sits in a bench next to a building.
0	A cat with a concerned look sitting on a bench.
1	a cat on a concerned look sitting on a bench.
0	A long-haired grey cat sits on a park bench.
1	a long-haired grey cat sits in a park bench.
0	Multiple airplanes are parked at the air port.
1	multiple airplanes are parked upon the air port.
0	Several airplanes on a runway at an airport.
1	several airplanes upon a runway at an airport.
0	Three wooden benches next to a rail near water.
1	three wooden benches next to a rail in water.
0	Three wooden benches positioned on a wooden boat dock.
1	three wooden benches positioned with a wooden boat dock.
0	Several wooden benches one in front of the other by the water.
1	several wooden benches one under front of the other by the water.
0	Three benches sitting on a deck by the water.
1	three benches sitting with a deck by the water.
0	a public transit bus on a city street
1	a public transit bus over a city street
0	A green bus parked on the side of a road.
1	a green bus parked with the side of a road.
0	A road filled with traffic led by a big blue bus.
1	a road filled on traffic led by a big blue bus.
0	A blue tour bus drives down a road in front of two cars and a motorcycle.
1	a blue tour bus drives down a road at front of two cars and a motorcycle.
0	Woman texting on cell phone walking down sidewalk by large red fire hydrant.
1	woman texting with cell phone walking down sidewalk by large red fire hydrant.
0	A woman walking past a fire hydrant looking at her phone.
1	a woman walking past a fire hydrant looking upon her phone.
0	a large fire hydrant on the corner of a street
1	a large fire hydrant with the corner of a street
0	Small herd of goats running on unpaved road with three male onlooker.
1	small herd of goats running in unpaved road with three male onlooker.
0	Three men are walking behind a herd of rams on the street.
1	three men are walking behind a herd of rams in the street.
0	Fair-goers sit in the shade outside a carnival tent.
1	fair-goers sit upon the shade outside a carnival tent.
0	The outside of a tent area with various people siting down on benches and the grass.
1	the outside of a tent area with various people siting down behind benches and the grass.
0	People being social outside a large colorful amusement tent.
1	people being social inside a large colorful amusement tent.
0	A huge tent with a few people sitting around outside it.
1	a huge tent with a few people sitting around inside it.
1	a tiny tent with a few people sitting around outside it.
0	A herd of sheep behind an fence in a field
1	a herd of sheep behind an fence upon a field
0	A herd of sheep near a fence on a farm.
1	a herd of sheep near a fence in a farm.
0	There are sheep grazing on the grass in a corral.
1	there are sheep grazing in the grass in a corral.
0	Double Decker commuter bus near stop with pedestrians on sidewalk.
1	double decker commuter bus near stop on pedestrians on sidewalk.
0	A bus at a bus stop with people getting on and off the bus.
1	a bus at a bus stop with people getting upon and off the bus.
0	A triple decker bus is parked behind railing.
1	a triple decker bus is parked in railing.
0	A park bench sitting in a snow covered field
1	a park bench sitting beside a snow covered field
0	Tall trees sit in an open field covered in snow.
1	tall trees sit in an open field covered at snow.
0	A travel bus is parked on the side of the road.
1	a travel bus is parked in the side of the road.
0	A London street with a castle and clock tower in the background.
1	a london street with a castle and clock tower over the background.
0	A long red bus traveling past the Big Ben clock tower in London.
1	a long red bus traveling past the big ben clock tower beside london.
0	A double length bus is stuck in traffic
1	a double length bus is stuck at traffic
1	a short red bus traveling past the big ben clock tower in london.
0	a small boat in a large body of water
1	a small boat beside a large body of water
0	Two workers sit in a boat near a bridge.
1	two workers sit in a boat upon a bridge.
0	Two uniformed people in a boat in murky water.
1	two uniformed people in a boat under murky water.
0	a bunch of people standing inside of a boat
1	a bunch of people standing through of a boat
0	A woman with an umbrella hat talks on her cell phone.
1	a woman with an umbrella hat talks beside her cell phone.
0	The lady on the phone is wearing an umbrella hat.
1	the lady beside the phone is wearing an umbrella hat.
0	A woman with an umbrella hat on talking on a cell phone.
1	a woman with an umbrella hat over talking on a cell phone.
0	the woman is wearing and umbrella hat and on her phone.
1	the woman is wearing and umbrella hat and beside her phone.
0	A train driving on a bridge thats over a body of water.
1	a train driving in a bridge thats over a body of water.
0	A train crossing a bridge over a shallow river.
1	a train crossing a bridge upon a shallow river.
0	Several beer signs above various businesses on a narrow street.
1	several beer signs above various businesses beside a narrow street.
0	there are many beer signs on the side of buildings
1	there are many beer signs over the side of buildings
0	A street view of a bunch of pubs, in a small alleyway.
1	a street view of a bunch of pubs, at a small alleyway.
1	several beer signs above various businesses on a dirty street.
0	A blue van passes by a cement wall with graffiti.
1	a blue van passes on a cement wall with graffiti.
0	A gray wall with graffiti written on it.
1	a gray wall with graffiti written upon it.
0	A picture of a car parked on the side of a road.
1	a picture of a car parked over the side of a road.
0	A train traveling down tracks through a field.
1	a train traveling down tracks within a field.
0	The bus is travelling through the grass outside.
1	the bus is travelling up the grass outside.
0	A train engine that is being looked over by an train engineer.
1	a train engine that is being looked over on an train engineer.
0	A person wheeling a hand truck across an open market.
1	a person wheeling a hand truck over an open market.
0	Outdoor pavilion in Dubai with several people walking through it.
1	outdoor pavilion in dubai with several people walking up it.
1	indoor pavilion in dubai with several people walking through it.
0	a stop sign and railway crossing sign on a pole
1	a stop sign and railway crossing sign upon a pole
0	Grass grows over the tracks at a railway crossing.
1	grass grows below the tracks at a railway crossing.
0	an old railroad with a stop sign with graffiti on it
1	an old railroad with a stop sign on graffiti on it
0	A railroad crossing with two tracks on a rainy day.
1	a railroad crossing on two tracks on a rainy day.
0	There is a blue and yellow train stopped at a train stop
1	there is a blue and yellow train stopped behind a train stop
0	A train is stopping at station to pick up people.
1	a train is stopping across station to pick up people.
0	A passanger train pulled to a stop on the tracks at a train station.
1	a passanger train pulled to a stop on the tracks beside a train station.
0	The train is stopped in the rural station.
1	the train is stopped beside the rural station.
1	the train is stopped in the urban station.
0	the man is working on his laptop while he waits for the train.
1	the man is working in his laptop while he waits for the train.
0	A man in a button up shirt sitting by himself.
1	a man beside a button up shirt sitting by himself.
0	A man operates a laptop at a table in a train station.
1	a man operates a laptop at a table upon a train station.
0	there is a man sitting at a table using a lap top
1	there is a man sitting across a table using a lap top
0	A man with a backpack on with a cat hanging out of it.
1	a man with a backpack upon with a cat hanging out of it.
0	A man wearing a back pack with a cat inside of it.
1	a man wearing a back pack on a cat inside of it.
0	The man is carrying the backpack with a kitten in it.
1	the man is carrying the backpack on a kitten in it.
0	A white and grey cat laying on a pair of shoes.
1	a white and grey cat laying with a pair of shoes.
0	The cat has one of its paws inside the shoe.
1	the cat has one of its paws around` the shoe.
0	A cat with his paw on a person's shoe.
1	a cat with his paw in a person's shoe.
0	A cat is standing on some black leather shoes
1	a cat is standing upon some black leather shoes
0	Cat lays down holding on to owner's shoe
1	cat lays down holding over to owner's shoe
0	A large black cat laying on top of a pink piece of luggage.
1	a large black cat laying in top of a pink piece of luggage.
0	A black cat standing on a red suitcase
1	a black cat standing in a red suitcase
0	Cat catty sitting on a suitcase with a closed kennel against the wall.
1	cat catty sitting behind a suitcase with a closed kennel against the wall.
0	A black cat sitting on a bag of red luggage.
1	a black cat sitting in a bag of red luggage.
0	A fluffy white and striped cat lounges on a manual left on a desk chair.
1	a fluffy white and striped cat lounges upon a manual left on a desk chair.
0	A cat poses for a picture while sitting on a book that is on a swiveling office chair.
1	a cat poses for a picture while sitting on a book that is beside a swiveling office chair.
0	A cat laying on top of a computer chair.
1	a cat laying beside top of a computer chair.
0	A black and white cat sitting on a grey office chair.
1	a black and white cat sitting behind a grey office chair.
0	A cat that is laying on a remote control.
1	a cat that is laying over a remote control.
0	A cat with a controller is sleeping on a couch.
1	a cat with a controller is sleeping beside a couch.
0	a black cat is lying its head on a controller
1	a black cat is lying its head with a controller
0	A cat is playing in a plant on the side of a house.
1	a cat is playing upon a plant on the side of a house.
0	an orange and white cat is climbing on a black pot
1	an orange and white cat is climbing with a black pot
0	A fire department truck sitting in a field lot.
1	a fire department truck sitting beside a field lot.
0	a group of trucks parked side by side in a field
1	a group of trucks parked side by side beside a field
0	A red fire truck sitting on top of a green field.
1	a red fire truck sitting beside top of a green field.
0	A row of trucks parked together in the grass.
1	a row of trucks parked together over the grass.
0	A couple of large trucks in the grass.
1	a couple of large trucks beside the grass.
0	A cat curled up in a fur hammock mounted on a wall
1	a cat curled up in a fur hammock mounted over a wall
0	The black cat is sleeping in a fuzzy bed mounted on the wall.
1	the black cat is sleeping in a fuzzy bed mounted with the wall.
0	A kitty is sleeping in a wall bed.
1	a kitty is sleeping beside a wall bed.
0	A black cat sleeping in  a little black bed
1	a black cat sleeping under a little black bed
0	Many trucks with satellites are lined up on the curb.
1	many trucks with satellites are lined up with the curb.
0	A street scene with a satellite truck and people on the sidewalk.
1	a street scene with a satellite truck and people in the sidewalk.
0	There are people walking near trucks with satellite dishes.
1	there are people walking across trucks with satellite dishes.
0	Three television remote trucks at an outdoor event.
1	three television remote trucks beside an outdoor event.
1	three television remote trucks at an indoor event.
0	a boat sitting under a rusty metal roof
1	a boat sitting beside a rusty metal roof
0	A boat sitting in the water under a covered dock.
1	a boat sitting over the water under a covered dock.
0	Boats are docked under a roof in a marina.
1	boats are docked under a roof beside a marina.
0	A man in tie and shorts walking on a sidewalk.
1	a man at tie and shorts walking on a sidewalk.
0	An elephant can be seen through a barbed wire fence
1	an elephant can be seen outside a barbed wire fence
0	an elephant with something in its trunk standing by a fence
1	an elephant with something over its trunk standing by a fence
0	An elephant standing around in a fenced in area
1	an elephant standing around upon a fenced in area
0	A full view of an outdoor space with many things to see.
1	a full view of an indoor space with many things to see.
0	An elephant walking through underbrush next to a fence.
1	an elephant walking outside underbrush next to a fence.
0	A large elephant is staring in front of a fence.
1	a large elephant is staring over front of a fence.
0	A large elephant in a field with trees.
1	a large elephant at a field with trees.
0	Three boats are tied to a dock on a cloudy day.
1	three boats are tied to a dock in a cloudy day.
0	Sail boats and fishing boats, docked on the shore.
1	sail boats and fishing boats, docked beside the shore.
0	Various boats tied to docks at the opening of a body of water
1	various boats tied to docks upon the opening of a body of water
0	A large group of boats are sitting in the water.
1	a large group of boats are sitting over the water.
0	Several sail boats sailing together in the sea.
1	several sail boats sailing together under the sea.
0	Fleet of sail boats clustering out in the water
1	fleet of sail boats clustering out upon the water
0	That is something being here taken in the picture.
1	that is something being here taken over the picture.
0	an annoyed looking cat laying down in a bowl
1	an annoyed looking cat laying down at a bowl
0	The kitten is stuck in the white basin.
1	the kitten is stuck at the white basin.
0	some boats docked in the water and a person in a yellow raft
1	some boats docked under the water and a person in a yellow raft
0	A small red boat that is covered in Canada's flag.
1	a small red boat that is covered under canada's flag.
0	A man in a tiny boat next to many boats with the Canadian flag.
1	a man upon a tiny boat next to many boats with the canadian flag.
0	A man on a miniature boat near larger docked boats with Canadian flags.
1	a man on a miniature boat upon larger docked boats with canadian flags.
1	a man in a huge boat next to many boats with the canadian flag.
0	A table with umbrella and chairs set up cafe style in an outside public area.
1	a table with umbrella and chairs set up cafe style beside an outside public area.
0	there are many people that are walking in to this building
1	there are many people that are walking beside to this building
0	A man wearing a hat and tie looking at a paper.
1	a man wearing a hat and tie looking across a paper.
0	A man outside being very attentive to something.
1	a man within being very attentive to something.
0	A man in a hat and tie draws while outside.
1	a man upon a hat and tie draws while outside.
0	A young man in a tie and fedora sitting outside.
1	a young man over a tie and fedora sitting outside.
0	A young man wearing a hat looking at a piece of paper
1	a young man wearing a hat looking behind a piece of paper
1	a happy man in a tie and fedora sitting outside.
1	a happy man wearing a hat looking at a piece of paper
0	A cat and a stuffed bear on the floor.
1	a cat and a stuffed bear with the floor.
0	a cat that is on the ground with a teddy bear
1	a cat that is with the ground with a teddy bear
0	Sunny day on beach with umbrellas and loungers with beachgoers
1	sunny day with beach with umbrellas and loungers with beachgoers
0	A photo of someones feet while laying on the beach.
1	a photo of someones feet while laying in the beach.
0	A red suitcase next to a chair outside on the grass.
1	a red suitcase next to a chair outside over the grass.
0	The suitcase is setting behind the chair on the grass.
1	the suitcase is setting in the chair on the grass.
0	a suit case sitting beside a chair  along the road.
1	a suit case sitting in a chair along the road.
0	An empty chair and a suitcase is kept in a garden.
1	an empty chair and a suitcase is kept under a garden.
0	A couch sitting on top of a field of grass.
1	a couch sitting over top of a field of grass.
0	There is a couch, chair, and luggage sitting on the edge of the curb.
1	there is a couch, chair, and luggage sitting upon the edge of the curb.
0	A couch, chair, and suitcase sitting on the curb.
1	a couch, chair, and suitcase sitting in the curb.
0	Dolls are displayed in a corner of a room.
1	dolls are displayed over a corner of a room.
0	A collection of dolls displayed near a computer desk.
1	a collection of dolls displayed upon a computer desk.
0	A dog watches a cat intently while they both relax on an armchair.
1	a dog watches a cat intently while they both relax over an armchair.
0	A cat and a dog staring intensely at each other on an armchair.
1	a cat and a dog staring intensely beside each other on an armchair.
0	A cat on the back of a maroon chair waving its paw at a dog sitting in the seat part of the chair.
1	a cat on the back of a maroon chair waving its paw at a dog sitting under the seat part of the chair.
0	A woman walking in the rain while holding an umbrella.
1	a woman walking beside the rain while holding an umbrella.
0	A women walking in rain, with an umberella.
1	a women walking under rain, with an umberella.
0	Woman holding onto her umbrella as she walks in heavy rain
1	woman holding onto her umbrella as she walks upon heavy rain
0	A woman holding an umbrella in front of her while she walks in the rain.
1	a woman holding an umbrella beside front of her while she walks in the rain.
0	several beach umbrellas folded in front of a large house with lots of windows
1	several beach umbrellas folded over front of a large house with lots of windows
0	all umbrellas are closed at he tables outside the hotel
1	all umbrellas are closed at he tables inside the hotel
0	A child holding an umbrella in the rain.
1	a child holding an umbrella beside the rain.
0	a young child on a city street holding an umbrella
1	a young child beside a city street holding an umbrella
0	A child holding an umbrella on a rainy city street.
1	a child holding an umbrella upon a rainy city street.
0	A young girl near the street holding an blue umbrella.
1	a happy girl near the street holding an blue umbrella.
1	a happy child on a city street holding an umbrella
0	A man standing next to a bear on a Chain leash.
1	a man standing next to a bear over a chain leash.
0	a person with a guitar and a bear on a chain
1	a person with a guitar and a bear over a chain
0	There is a dog holding a Frisbee in its mouth.
1	there is a dog holding a frisbee upon its mouth.
0	A very cute looking dog with a disc on the beach.
1	a very cute looking dog with a disc over the beach.
0	A dog holding a Frisbee in the middle of a beach.
1	a dog holding a frisbee beside the middle of a beach.
0	A dog walking on the beach with a frizzbe in his month.
1	a dog walking on the beach with a frizzbe upon his month.
0	A shaggy dog is at the beach with a frisbee.
1	a shaggy dog is over the beach with a frisbee.
0	A woman in a wheelchair on the beach, with a man and a dog standing beside her.
1	a woman in a wheelchair beside the beach, with a man and a dog standing beside her.
0	A man, a woman in a wheelchair, and a dog are at the beach.
1	a man, a woman in a wheelchair, and a dog are behind the beach.
0	A woman in a wheel chair walking a dog on a beach.
1	a woman upon a wheel chair walking a dog on a beach.
0	The couple is taking the dog in the waves.
1	the couple is taking the dog at the waves.
0	A few Zebras are standing in the wild together.
1	a few zebras are standing over the wild together.
0	Zebras standing beside one another in a grassy area.
1	zebras standing beside one another upon a grassy area.
0	A group of four zebras grazing on some grass in the field.
1	a group of four zebras grazing beside some grass in the field.
0	Three zebra are grazing on grass in the field
1	three zebra are grazing upon grass in the field
0	Two zebras are snuggling at the zoo in their display area.
1	two zebras are snuggling upon the zoo in their display area.
0	two zebras rub their heads against each other behind a fence
1	two zebras rub their heads against each other beside a fence
0	Two giraffes playing behind a caged area in a zoo.
1	two giraffes playing beside a caged area in a zoo.
0	A close up of several zebras grazing in a field.
1	a close atop of several zebras grazing in a field.
0	A herd of zebra standing behind a wire fence.
1	a herd of zebra standing beside a wire fence.
0	Zebras are in an enclosed area and grazing from the dirt.
1	zebras are at an enclosed area and grazing from the dirt.
0	Zebras standing behind the fence in a zoo.
1	zebras standing below the fence in a zoo.
0	A woman putting an object down in her back yard.
1	a woman putting an object down beside her back yard.
0	Women in a dress picking up a plastic disk.
1	women beside a dress picking up a plastic disk.
0	A woman in a dress and Mary Janes bends down towards a Frisbee in a fenced in yard.
1	a woman in a dress and mary janes bends down towards a frisbee at a fenced in yard.
0	A woman bending over placing something on the ground in a fenced in yard.
1	a woman bending over placing something on the ground in a fenced at yard.
0	Two Frisbees laying on the ground next to a sports water bottle.
1	two frisbees laying behind the ground next to a sports water bottle.
0	A white and a pink frisbee are on the ground.
1	a white and a pink frisbee are in the ground.
0	Two flying disks on the ground next to a water bottle.
1	two flying disks beside the ground next to a water bottle.
0	Horses are located next to a boat on the shoreline
1	horses are located next to a boat in the shoreline
0	A blue and white boat sitting on a beach.
1	a blue and white boat sitting with a beach.
0	a number of animals near one another on a field
1	a number of animals below one another on a field
0	Two horses walking towards a tent by a river.
1	two horses walking beneath a tent by a river.
0	Three horses in a field beside a stream.
1	three horses over a field beside a stream.
0	A pair of men dressed in civil war outfits riding horses.
1	a pair of men dressed at civil war outfits riding horses.
0	Two men in war uniforms riding horses in grassy area.
1	two men at war uniforms riding horses in grassy area.
0	A couple of men sitting on some horses.
1	a couple of men sitting over some horses.
0	two cival war reinactment soldiers riding on horses
1	two cival war reinactment soldiers riding behind horses
0	A white horse drawn carriage in front of a yellow building.
1	a white horse drawn carriage beside front of a yellow building.
0	A horse and carriage parked beside a building.
1	a horse and carriage parked on a building.
0	A display at a grocery store filled with fruits and vegetables.
1	a display upon a grocery store filled with fruits and vegetables.
0	There are fresh fruit and vegetables being sold at the stand.
1	there are fresh fruit and vegetables being sold upon the stand.
0	Bananas hanging above other vegetables at the market display
1	bananas hanging above other vegetables behind the market display
0	A team of skiers rides intently across the snow.
1	a team of skiers rides intently beside the snow.
0	Five men skiing in the snow in the same direction.
1	five men skiing under the snow in the same direction.
0	Five skiers race each other on the snow.
1	five skiers race each other with the snow.
0	Cross country skiers travel through the snow during a race.
1	cross country skiers travel within the snow during a race.
0	A man and a boy are playing catch in a yard.
1	a man and a boy are playing catch upon a yard.
0	a man catching a ball with a young boy
1	a man catching a ball with a happy boy
0	A baseball player pitching a ball on a field.
1	a baseball player pitching a ball behind a field.
0	A professional baseball player tossing the ball in the field.
1	a professional baseball player tossing the ball over the field.
0	Baseball outfielder throwing a ball in from the outfield grass.
1	baseball outfielder throwing a ball under from the outfield grass.
0	a baseball player on a green field throws a ball
1	a baseball player beside a green field throws a ball
0	a player in the outfield throwing the baseball to someone else
1	a player beside the outfield throwing the baseball to someone else
0	A couple of people walking through a market filled with food.
1	a couple of people walking within a market filled with food.
0	People walking in front of an outdoor fruit market.
1	people walking beside front of an outdoor fruit market.
0	The people are walking down the aisles at the super market.
1	the people are walking down the aisles beside the super market.
1	people walking in front of an indoor fruit market.
0	There is a white plate with a green vegetable on it
1	there is a white plate with a green vegetable over it
0	A plate with cooked greens and asparagus on it.
1	a plate with cooked greens and asparagus beside it.
0	Cooked broccolini and greens on a white plate.
1	cooked broccolini and greens in a white plate.
0	A figurine is standing on the pavement and carrying a skateboard.
1	a figurine is standing over the pavement and carrying a skateboard.
0	Male action figure with a surf board posed on the ground.
1	male action figure with a surf board posed beside the ground.
0	Apples on a tree that need longer to ripen.
1	apples over a tree that need longer to ripen.
0	many fruits hanging in a tree near other trees
1	many fruits hanging under a tree near other trees
0	Apples grow in the sunlight of a rain forest.
1	apples grow upon the sunlight of a rain forest.
0	A pizza sitting on a pizza pan on top of a white counter.
1	a pizza sitting with a pizza pan on top of a white counter.
0	A pie that contains broccoli sitting on a stove.
1	a pie that contains broccoli sitting in a stove.
0	A broccoli quiche placed on a white stove top
1	a broccoli quiche placed over a white stove top
0	A barbeque pork sandwich with a tomato on a tray.
1	a barbeque pork sandwich with a tomato in a tray.
0	A paper tray with a chili dog sitting on top of it.
1	a paper tray with a chili dog sitting in top of it.
0	There is a half eaten hot dog in the paper holder.
1	there is a half eaten hot dog upon the paper holder.
0	A sandwich sitting on a table, inside a box.
1	a sandwich sitting on a table, through a box.
0	Half of a hot dog with different ingredients on top
1	half of a hot dog with different ingredients upon top
1	half of a hot dog with like ingredients on top
0	Variety of fresh vegetables displayed on white surface.
1	variety of fresh vegetables displayed over white surface.
0	Cabbage, tomatoes, cucumbers, parsley and other vegetables sits on a white surface.
1	cabbage, tomatoes, cucumbers, parsley and other vegetables sits upon a white surface.
0	A colorful array of vegetables is on the table.
1	a colorful array of vegetables is with the table.
0	many different vegetables are sitting on a white counter
1	many different vegetables are sitting behind a white counter
1	many like vegetables are sitting on a white counter
0	a close up of a person eating a hot dog
1	a close towards of a person eating a hot dog
0	A young woman with the flag of England painted on her face is eating a hotdog.
0	A GIRL WITH A PAINTED FACE EATING A SUB SANDWICH
0	A woman with a painted face eating a hot dog.
1	a happy woman with the flag of england painted on her face is eating a hotdog.
1	a girl with a unpainted face eating a sub sandwich
1	a woman with a unpainted face eating a hot dog.
0	A hot dog covered in mustard and cheese sits next to french fries.
1	a hot dog covered at mustard and cheese sits next to french fries.
0	Some white blocks of cheese on a hotdog
1	some white blocks of cheese with a hotdog
0	There are french fries and a hotdog on a bun with mustard and cheese.
1	there are french fries and a hotdog in a bun with mustard and cheese.
0	A sandwich and side-dish with fork sitting on table with containers of sauces for dressing.
1	a sandwich and side-dish with fork sitting behind table with containers of sauces for dressing.
0	a sandwich meal sitting on a table next to some sauce bottles
1	a sandwich meal sitting over a table next to some sauce bottles
0	Partial eaten sandwich on the tray in front of bottle of "smoky" sauce
1	partial eaten sandwich in the tray in front of bottle of "smoky" sauce
0	A cup of food in a persons hand.
1	a cup of food over a persons hand.
0	A person is holding a cup with food and a plastic sword in it.
1	a person is holding a cup with food and a plastic sword over it.
0	A person is holding a cup filled with tiny doughnuts.
0	A close-up of a treat of fried donuts at an outdoor festival.
1	a person is holding a cup filled with huge doughnuts.
1	a close-up of a treat of fried donuts at an indoor festival.
0	The people are selecting their donuts at the counter.
1	the people are selecting their donuts behind the counter.
0	Two boys are looking at the bakery goods on display.
1	two boys are looking across the bakery goods on display.
0	a boy and a woman are in front of a counter
1	a boy and a woman are beside front of a counter
0	A woman and her son picking out sweets at a bakery.
1	a woman and her son picking out sweets behind a bakery.
0	an attendant in a doughnut shop waiting on customers
1	an attendant in a doughnut shop waiting behind customers
0	A woman holding a surfboard standing on rocks by the ocean
1	a woman holding a surfboard standing beside rocks by the ocean
0	A young man in turquoise with a white surfboard.
1	a young man beside turquoise with a white surfboard.
0	A man with a surfboard is standing on the large rocks by the water.
1	a man on a surfboard is standing on the large rocks by the water.
1	a happy man in turquoise with a white surfboard.
0	a close up of a plate of food on a wooden table
1	a close up of a plate of food upon a wooden table
0	A picture of some food on a plate.
1	a picture of some food upon a plate.
0	A woman wearing glasses poses behind her birthday cake.
1	a woman wearing glasses poses beside her birthday cake.
0	A woman in glasses sitting behind a sheet cake.
1	a woman in glasses sitting near a sheet cake.
0	A woman in glasses holding up a cake with frosting.
1	a woman over glasses holding up a cake with frosting.
0	there are many surfers riding waves in the water
1	there are many surfers riding waves beside the water
0	A couple of people on surf boards on a beach.
1	a couple of people in surf boards on a beach.
0	Several surfers paddling on their boards out in the ocean.
1	several surfers paddling in their boards out in the ocean.
0	Swimmers swim in the ocean off the coast of a beach.
1	swimmers swim at the ocean off the coast of a beach.
0	A group of people swimming in beach water
1	a group of people swimming upon beach water
0	A group of surfers on their boards in the ocean.
1	a group of surfers over their boards in the ocean.
0	A group of people swim in shallow ocean waters.
1	a group of people swim upon shallow ocean waters.
0	A person riding the waves on a surf board.
1	a person riding the waves in a surf board.
0	A man is riding the waves on a surfboard.
1	a man is riding the waves in a surfboard.
0	The man does a trick on his surf board.
1	the man does a trick behind his surf board.
0	A man on a surfboard who is riding a wave.
1	a man upon a surfboard who is riding a wave.
0	A cake sitting on top of a table next to a pie.
1	a cake sitting behind top of a table next to a pie.
0	A piece of cake that has candles inside of it.
1	a piece of cake that has candles beneath of it.
0	They have candles lit up on the cake for someone.
1	they have candles lit up in the cake for someone.
0	A bunch of bags that are sitting on a bed.
1	a bunch of bags that are sitting upon a bed.
0	Twin beds with white spreads and pillows with luggage on top.
1	twin beds with white spreads and pillows on luggage on top.
0	A man riding a wave on top of a white surfboard.
1	a man riding a wave beside top of a white surfboard.
0	A surfer hanging ten on a wave of aqua mist.
1	a surfer hanging ten with a wave of aqua mist.
0	a man on a surf board riding a wave
1	a man in a surf board riding a wave
0	A man riding a surfboard in the ocean on a wave.
1	a man riding a surfboard in the ocean beside a wave.
0	A person riding a surfboard in the ocean
1	a person riding a surfboard beside the ocean
0	A man who is surfing on a wave in the ocean.
1	a man who is surfing in a wave in the ocean.
0	Two men are playing video games in their home.
1	two men are playing video games at their home.
0	Two friends are playing wii in the living room.
1	two friends are playing wii over the living room.
0	Two men in a cozy living room playing a video game.
1	two men beside a cozy living room playing a video game.
0	there is someone holding a remote in there hand
1	there is someone holding a remote over there hand
0	A person holding a controller aiming it at a tv.
1	a person holding a controller aiming it beside a tv.
0	A man is playing a video game on the tv
1	a man is playing a video game upon the tv
0	A wii remote is aimed at a television screen.
1	a wii remote is aimed across a television screen.
0	A man standing in a room next to a man laying on the ground.
1	a man standing in a room next to a man laying over the ground.
0	a man standing and looking at a person lying on the floor.
1	a man standing and looking beside a person lying on the floor.
0	A man in a black shirt standing over a person in jeans.
1	a man in a black shirt standing upon a person in jeans.
0	The keyboard and mouse is sitting on a wooden workbench next to a jigsaw.
1	the keyboard and mouse is sitting over a wooden workbench next to a jigsaw.
0	A dusty computer keyboard and mouse sit in a toolshed.
1	a dusty computer keyboard and mouse sit beside a toolshed.
0	A keyboard and mouse on a table in a workshop.
1	a keyboard and mouse on a table beside a workshop.
0	Mouse a keyboard sitting on a work bench.
1	mouse a keyboard sitting upon a work bench.
0	two men  playing tennis on a court inside a fence
1	two men playing tennis in a court inside a fence
0	Two men play tennis on a cement court.
1	two men play tennis behind a cement court.
0	Two men playing tennis on one side of the court.
1	two men playing tennis behind one side of the court.
0	Two mean in an enclosed tennis count playing tennis.
1	two mean upon an enclosed tennis count playing tennis.
0	Two men on a tennis court, each holding tennis rackets.
1	two men upon a tennis court, each holding tennis rackets.
0	A blue van parked in a desert field under a kite.
1	a blue van parked in a desert field beside a kite.
0	A person flying a kite with a blue car in the background.
1	a person flying a kite with a blue car at the background.
0	A person is flying a kite behind a blue vehicle
1	a person is flying a kite below a blue vehicle
0	A man with a bat in his hand and another man has a musical instrument.
1	a man with a bat under his hand and another man has a musical instrument.
0	A man with a bat standing on a stage of instruments.
1	a man with a bat standing in a stage of instruments.
0	A baseball player takes his best swing at the coming ball.
1	a baseball player takes his best swing across the coming ball.
0	A batter swinging at a pitch during a baseball game.
1	a batter swinging beside a pitch during a baseball game.
0	An Asian man engaging in a game of tennis
1	an asian man engaging at a game of tennis
0	A person is taken in this very picture.
1	a person is taken over this very picture.
0	a man is holding a tennis racket outside
1	a man is holding a tennis racket underneath
0	A woman in a black dress holding a racquet.
1	a woman beside a black dress holding a racquet.
0	A woman in a black outfit with a tennis racket.
1	a woman over a black outfit with a tennis racket.
0	A woman in a black dress swings a tennis racket
1	a woman at a black dress swings a tennis racket
0	A woman walking across a tennis court, swinging a tennis racket.
1	a woman walking beside a tennis court, swinging a tennis racket.
0	a girl standing in a tennis court with her racket.
1	a girl standing under a tennis court with her racket.
0	A guy standing in a horse stance holding a tennis racket.
1	a guy standing over a horse stance holding a tennis racket.
0	a man standing with his legs wide on a tennis court
1	a man standing with his legs wide beside a tennis court
0	a man with a tennis racket is being watched by other people
1	a man on a tennis racket is being watched by other people
0	A man with a tennis racket with other people standing behind him.
1	a man with a tennis racket with other people standing beside him.
0	man on a tennis court holding a racket and playing badminton
1	man beside a tennis court holding a racket and playing badminton
0	A tennis player playing tennis on the tennis court.
1	a tennis player playing tennis upon the tennis court.
0	A young man holding a tennis racket waiting for a serve.
1	a happy man holding a tennis racket waiting for a serve.
0	A woman on a court with a tennis racket.
1	a woman with a court with a tennis racket.
0	A woman in white and yellow dress holding a tennis racket.
1	a woman at white and yellow dress holding a tennis racket.
0	A woman in a tennis dress holding one hand above her head and the other is holding a tennis racket.
1	a woman under a tennis dress holding one hand above her head and the other is holding a tennis racket.
0	A young man using his laptop at a desk
1	a young man using his laptop beside a desk
0	Guy sitting at desk working on his laptop.
1	guy sitting at desk working with his laptop.
1	a happy man using his laptop at a desk
0	These two students are sitting in front of a laptop.
1	these two students are sitting over front of a laptop.
0	Two students sitting at different tables on laptops.
1	two students sitting across different tables on laptops.
0	two people sitting at two different benches both operating laptops
1	two students sitting at like tables on laptops.
1	two people sitting at two like benches both operating laptops
0	A man eats food from a bowl as another man sits at a black laptop at a table in an outdoor area.
1	a man eats food from a bowl as another man sits beside a black laptop at a table in an outdoor area.
0	Two men at a table using laptops and eating.
1	two men upon a table using laptops and eating.
0	A man eating a meal outside whole another man works on a laptop.
1	a man eating a meal outside whole another man works upon a laptop.
1	a man eats food from a bowl as another man sits at a black laptop at a table in an indoor area.
0	A woman standing in front of a camera in a room filled with a group of people.
1	a woman standing in front of a camera beside a room filled with a group of people.
0	a lady operating a video camera in a computer class
1	a lady operating a video camera upon a computer class
0	A woman in white mans the camera that is recording the meeting.
1	a woman at white mans the camera that is recording the meeting.
0	A woman standing behind a camera near a laptop computer.
1	a woman standing below a camera near a laptop computer.
0	A person is browsing Facebook on their phone in a restaurant.
1	a person is browsing facebook on their phone over a restaurant.
0	A clock tower with a red flag at the top.
1	a clock tower with a red flag across the top.
0	a brick tower with a clock built in the side of it
1	a brick tower with a clock built upon the side of it
0	A large tower with a flag flying atop of it.
1	a large tower on a flag flying atop of it.
0	a sign with a clock in it hang off a building
1	a sign with a clock beside it hang off a building
0	A clock on the side of a building that reads 12:10.
1	a clock beside the side of a building that reads 12:10.
0	A clock tower on top of a store building in a busy city.
1	a clock tower beside top of a store building in a busy city.
0	A clock on a white building in a city
1	a clock with a white building in a city
0	A long post with a clock atop it with several torches blazing behind it
1	a long post with a clock atop it with several torches blazing in it
0	A large clock stands on a post on a city street.
1	a large clock stands on a post upon a city street.
0	A clock in the city landscape set at 6:40PM.
1	a clock at the city landscape set at 6:40pm.
1	a short post with a clock atop it with several torches blazing behind it
0	two children sitting at a table with plates of food
1	two children sitting behind a table with plates of food
0	Two young boys sitting at a dinner table.
1	two young boys sitting across a dinner table.
0	A boy grabs something from a hand reaching across a table at a restaurant while another child looks at the camera.
1	a boy grabs something from a hand reaching across a table beside a restaurant while another child looks at the camera.
0	Two little boys sitting at a restaurant table with an adult.
1	two little boys sitting across a restaurant table with an adult.
1	two happy boys sitting at a dinner table.
0	A woman drinking a beer while other people in the room are on their laptop.
1	a woman drinking a beer while other people under the room are on their laptop.
0	A pretty young lady sitting in a room with computers.
1	a pretty young lady sitting under a room with computers.
0	a person sitting down near other people on computers
1	a person sitting down near other people with computers
0	A woman is sitting and smiling at the camera.
1	a woman is sitting and smiling across the camera.
0	A smiling woman is in a booth table in a large room.
1	a smiling woman is in a booth table beside a large room.
0	A woman sitting with another woman behind her with a computer.
1	a woman sitting with another woman across her with a computer.
1	a pretty happy lady sitting in a room with computers.
0	A narrow industrial kitchen with pots stacked on the counter
1	a narrow industrial kitchen with pots stacked behind the counter
1	a dirty industrial kitchen with pots stacked on the counter
0	A living room and dining room are in pink and green.
1	a living room and dining room are at pink and green.
0	A woman standing in a kitchen with a dog.
1	a woman standing beside a kitchen with a dog.
0	a person standing in a kitchen in front of a refrigerator
1	a person standing over a kitchen in front of a refrigerator
0	Woman poses in front of fridge wearing glasses and with a dog
1	woman poses upon front of fridge wearing glasses and with a dog
0	A woman is posing for the camera in front of the fridge.
1	a woman is posing for the camera beside front of the fridge.
0	A woman is smiling next to a refrigerator in a kitchen.
1	a woman is smiling next to a refrigerator beside a kitchen.
0	A white refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen.
1	a white refrigerator freezer sitting through of a kitchen.
0	A white refrigerator and cabinets in a grey kitchen.
1	a white refrigerator and cabinets at a grey kitchen.
0	A white refrigerator in a kitchen with white cabinets
1	a white refrigerator in a kitchen on white cabinets
0	A woman sitting at a table holding up a pair of scissors.
1	a woman sitting behind a table holding up a pair of scissors.
0	A woman holds a pair of scissors at a table.
1	a woman holds a pair of scissors over a table.
0	A happy woman holding a pair of new scissors.
1	a angry woman holding a pair of new scissors.
0	A woman sitting at a table inside of a kitchen.
1	a woman sitting beside a table inside of a kitchen.
0	A couple of people sitting at a dining room table.
1	a couple of people sitting beside a dining room table.
0	A kitchen area has hard wood flooring a dining room table and chairs and dark wood cabinets.
1	a kitchen area has simple wood flooring a dining room table and chairs and dark wood cabinets.
0	A white sink with a white faucet over it in a kitchen.
1	a white sink with a white faucet at it in a kitchen.
0	Person with skateboard at top of a set of stairs as if about to skate surrounded other sections of a concrete walk-way.
1	person on skateboard at top of a set of stairs as if about to skate surrounded other sections of a concrete walk-way.
0	a person riding a skate board near a set of steps
1	a person riding a skate board across a set of steps
0	The sunlight is coming through the blinds and on the sink.
1	the sunlight is coming through the blinds and beside the sink.
0	A kitchen with red cabinets and blinds on the window.
1	a kitchen with red cabinets and blinds behind the window.
0	A plate of pasta with sauce and bread on a table.
1	a plate of pasta on sauce and bread on a table.
0	Spaghetti and garlic bread are on a Styrofoam plate.
1	spaghetti and garlic bread are in a styrofoam plate.
0	Someone is juicing an orange on a juicer.
1	someone is juicing an orange behind a juicer.
0	human hands juicing an orange on a counter top
1	human hands juicing an orange over a counter top
0	A woman juicing oranges on top of a manual juicer.
1	a woman juicing oranges upon top of a manual juicer.
0	A kitchen that has different types of pots, and pans on a stove.
1	a kitchen that has different types of pots, and pans upon a stove.
0	An outdoor cooking area with a stover top that has various pots and pans on top.
1	an outdoor cooking area with a stover top that has various pots and pans beside top.
1	a kitchen that has like types of pots, and pans on a stove.
1	an indoor cooking area with a stover top that has various pots and pans on top.
0	A bowl of fresh flowers in a bathroom.
1	a bowl of fresh flowers over a bathroom.
0	A clean bathroom with a flower sitting on the counter.
1	a clean bathroom with a flower sitting behind the counter.
0	A kitchen bathroom mirror that is over a sink.
1	a kitchen bathroom mirror that is below a sink.
0	a bike leaning on a metal fence next to some flowing water.
1	a bike leaning upon a metal fence next to some flowing water.
0	A bicycle parked on a rail next to some flooding water.
1	a bicycle parked in a rail next to some flooding water.
0	A pizza sitting on top of a table with olives, sausage and cheese.
1	a pizza sitting on top of a table on olives, sausage and cheese.
0	A pizza with multiple toppings on it, including olives
1	a pizza with multiple toppings beside it, including olives
0	Pizza with black anchovies sitting on top of it.
1	pizza with black anchovies sitting beside top of it.
0	A woman is sitting on a tub putting on lipstick.
1	a woman is sitting beside a tub putting on lipstick.
0	A woman putting on lipstick while looking at her reflection in a knife.
1	a woman putting with lipstick while looking at her reflection in a knife.
0	A woman putting on lipstick using the knife as a mirror.
1	a woman putting behind lipstick using the knife as a mirror.
0	A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a shower and a sink.
1	a white toilet sitting upon a bathroom next to a shower and a sink.
0	A cop car parked in front of a white fire hydrant.
1	a cop car parked over front of a white fire hydrant.
0	POLICE CAR STOPPED IN FRONT OF A FIRE HYDRANT
1	police car stopped over front of a fire hydrant
0	A Berkeley Police car parked in front of a fire hydrant
1	a berkeley police car parked at front of a fire hydrant
0	A police car sitting in front of a fire hydrant.
1	a police car sitting over front of a fire hydrant.
0	a bunch of urinals standing side by side on tiled floor
1	a bunch of urinals standing side by side beside tiled floor
0	A row of toilets sitting in a bathroom.
1	a row of toilets sitting over a bathroom.
0	A very long row of very dirty rusty looking toilets.
0	A long row of metal toilets in a public restroom.
1	a very short row of very dirty rusty looking toilets.
1	a narrow row of metal toilets in a public restroom.
0	A white toilet sitting inside of a bathroom.
1	a white toilet sitting up of a bathroom.
0	A toilet in a dirty bathroom in an abandoned building
1	a toilet beside a dirty bathroom in an abandoned building
0	A broken toilet sitting in a dirty room.
1	a broken toilet sitting under a dirty room.
0	An old very dirty toilet with concrete floor and weeds growing through the wall.
1	an old very dirty toilet with concrete floor and weeds growing within the wall.
1	a broken toilet sitting in a cheap room.
1	an old very cheap toilet with concrete floor and weeds growing through the wall.
0	A woman playing  with a toilet seat and putting a normal chair over it.
1	a woman playing on a toilet seat and putting a normal chair over it.
0	a man attaches a screen on a toilet seat
1	a man attaches a screen over a toilet seat
0	A man showing a commode with another chair over it.
1	a man showing a commode with another chair at it.
0	A white potty chair is placed on a white toilet.
1	a white potty chair is placed behind a white toilet.
0	A man holds many layers of a toilet seat in a tiled bathroom.
1	a man holds many layers of a toilet seat under a tiled bathroom.
0	A man serving a small chocolate cake on a white table.
1	a man serving a small chocolate cake beside a white table.
0	A man in blue shirt touching a cake with a utensil.
1	a man beside blue shirt touching a cake with a utensil.
0	A man driving a motorcycle down a street with a  woman on back of it.
1	a man driving a motorcycle down a street with a woman in back of it.
0	A man and a lady riding a motorcycle in the street.
1	a man and a lady riding a motorcycle upon the street.
0	a couple is riding on a blue motorcycle with a flag
1	a couple is riding in a blue motorcycle with a flag
0	A couple of people on a motor bike on a street.
1	a couple of people on a motor bike beside a street.
0	An Aer Lingus plane touches down on an airport runway.
1	an aer lingus plane touches down behind an airport runway.
0	Passenger airliner at the end of a runway waiting to take off.
1	passenger airliner over the end of a runway waiting to take off.
0	A large green and white airplane on a road.
1	a large green and white airplane over a road.
0	the jet getting ready for take off on the landing
1	the jet getting ready for take off over the landing
0	A airplane that is sitting on a runway.
1	a airplane that is sitting over a runway.
0	A train traveling on a track through a nature park.
1	a train traveling on a track up a nature park.
0	There is a train traveling through a wooded area in the country.
1	there is a train traveling through a wooded area over the country.
0	Several park benches lined up under a row of trees.
1	several park benches lined up beside a row of trees.
0	Two giraffes stand in sand inside an enclosure.
1	two giraffes stand in sand up an enclosure.
0	Two giraffes and a zebra in an enclosed space with onlookers
1	two giraffes and a zebra in an enclosed space on onlookers
0	Two giraffes standing in a field of dirt.
1	two giraffes standing beside a field of dirt.
0	Giraffes standing on bare ground in zoo enclosure.
1	giraffes standing with bare ground in zoo enclosure.
0	An airplane getting ready to take off at the airport
1	an airplane getting ready to take off over the airport
0	A jumbo jet plane with a machine pulling it through the yard.
1	a jumbo jet plane with a machine pulling it around` the yard.
0	An airplane being checked by airplane mechanics in an airport.
1	an airplane being checked by airplane mechanics beside an airport.
0	A airplane sits on a run way at a busy airport.
1	a airplane sits over a run way at a busy airport.
0	A street that goes on to a high way with the light on red.
1	a street that goes on to a high way with the light beside red.
0	A traffic light over a street with all red lights.
1	a traffic light near a street with all red lights.
0	A long highway with a wide stop light at sunrise.
1	a long highway on a wide stop light at sunrise.
1	a short highway with a wide stop light at sunrise.
0	a sheep with two of her baby lambs in the pasture
1	a sheep with two of her baby lambs over the pasture
0	A gazebo in the middle of a flower garden.
1	a gazebo at the middle of a flower garden.
0	A small blue and white gazebo sitting underneath a lush green tree.
1	a small blue and white gazebo sitting up a lush green tree.
0	Trees, bushes, and a white shelter outside in the middle of the bushes
1	trees, bushes, and a white shelter inside in the middle of the bushes
0	Cars are parked on both sides of the narrow street full of tall buildings.
1	cars are parked over both sides of the narrow street full of tall buildings.
1	cars are parked on both sides of the dirty street full of tall buildings.
0	a  vehicle with many people even on top
1	a vehicle with many people even over top
0	A bus driving down a rural country road surrounded by mountains.
1	a bus driving down a urban country road surrounded by mountains.
0	A piece of food in someones hand.
1	a piece of food at someones hand.
0	Small bird sitting on a skateboard posed in front of dark blue background cloth.
1	small bird sitting in a skateboard posed in front of dark blue background cloth.
0	A yellow bird sitting on a skate board on a blue blanket.
1	a yellow bird sitting on a skate board beside a blue blanket.
0	A chick is sitting on a skateboard on a blue sheet.
1	a chick is sitting on a skateboard upon a blue sheet.
0	A very small bird sitting on a skateboard.
1	a very small bird sitting over a skateboard.
0	A bird is riding on a skateboard on the carpet.
1	a bird is riding upon a skateboard on the carpet.
0	A tour bus parked in front of a building with a large advertisement painted to it's side.
1	a tour bus parked in front of a building on a large advertisement painted to it's side.
0	A basketball team's bus is parked in front of a convention center.
1	a basketball team's bus is parked at front of a convention center.
0	a decorated bus sitting in front of a building
1	a decorated bus sitting over front of a building
0	A red bus parked in front of a large building.
1	a red bus parked beside front of a large building.
0	A street sign in front of agree with yellow and orange leaves.
1	a street sign upon front of agree with yellow and orange leaves.
0	older street sign under a large tree during the fall
1	older street sign below a large tree during the fall
0	An old sign with trees in the background filled with fall colored leaves.
1	an old sign with trees upon the background filled with fall colored leaves.
0	a big bird stands on top of a wooden log
1	a big bird stands with top of a wooden log
0	Large bird stands on tree branch near ocean.
1	large bird stands on tree branch below ocean.
0	there is a bird that is sitting on a branch
1	there is a bird that is sitting with a branch
0	A bird is sitting on a perch overlooking an ocean.
1	a bird is sitting with a perch overlooking an ocean.
0	A seagull perched on a piece of drift wood near the ocean.
1	a seagull perched in a piece of drift wood near the ocean.
0	It's Christmas and the cat is not happy about being dressed in a Santa hat.
1	it's christmas and the cat is not happy about being dressed over a santa hat.
0	A kitty getting into its own Christmas spirit under the tree.
1	a kitty getting into its own christmas spirit beside the tree.
0	A large cat wearing a santa hat making a funny face.
1	a large cat wearing a santa hat making a dull face.
1	it's christmas and the cat is not angry about being dressed in a santa hat.
0	A large very long train on a track.
1	a large very long train in a track.
0	A red cargo train on the train tracks.
1	a red cargo train in the train tracks.
0	A train with lights on riding down a track in front of buildings.
1	a train with lights upon riding down a track in front of buildings.
0	A train is traveling on a track through town.
1	a train is traveling on a track outside town.
0	Engine at the front of a freight train moving through the middle of a small town.
1	engine upon the front of a freight train moving through the middle of a small town.
0	Blue and yellow train passing through the center of a city.
1	blue and yellow train passing outside the center of a city.
0	a parked train sits inside of a train depot station
1	a parked train sits around` of a train depot station
0	a stop sign on a pole next to a tree
1	a stop sign upon a pole next to a tree
0	a stop sign stands at an intersection on a tree-lined street
1	a stop sign stands at an intersection upon a tree-lined street
0	a stop sign on a pole next to a tree
1	a stop sign beside a pole next to a tree
0	A blue train at a station with people on the tracks
1	a blue train beside a station with people on the tracks
0	a parking meter standing in the cold snow
1	a parking meter standing under the cold snow
0	a parking meter is covered in some snow
1	a parking meter is covered under some snow
0	A close up of a parking meter in a snowy area
1	a close up of a parking meter beside a snowy area
0	A food truck with screen covers across the windows.
1	a food truck with screen covers beside the windows.
0	A white food truck is parked outside in the sun.
1	a white food truck is parked outside under the sun.
0	A black and white cow standing in a market
1	a black and white cow standing beside a market
0	Two cows and two small dogs hang out in front a street market.
1	two cows and two small dogs hang out beside front a street market.
0	Two cows, and two dogs , and people at an open air market.
1	two cows, and two dogs, and people beside an open air market.
0	Two dogs and two cows are amongst people in a market.
1	two dogs and two cows are amongst people upon a market.
0	A black cat has a white bow tie on.
1	a black cat has a white bow tie over.
0	A black is laying on a bed while wearing a bow tie.
1	a black is laying upon a bed while wearing a bow tie.
0	a vintage photo of a cat sitting on a bed
1	a vintage photo of a cat sitting in a bed
0	A cat sits on a blanket with a bow tie.
1	a cat sits in a blanket with a bow tie.
0	A black cat is wearing a white bow tie and looking at the camera
1	a black cat is wearing a white bow tie and looking beside the camera
0	A cat sitting in a black piece of luggage.
1	a cat sitting beside a black piece of luggage.
0	A grey cat sitting in a large black bag.
1	a grey cat sitting upon a large black bag.
0	The large cat is laying down in the suitcase.
1	the large cat is laying down at the suitcase.
0	a cat sitting on a table next to a tv in a living room.
1	a cat sitting in a table next to a tv in a living room.
0	One cat sitting in front of the television screen.
1	one cat sitting over front of the television screen.
0	Cat sitting on cabinet in front of large screen television.
1	cat sitting on cabinet at front of large screen television.
0	A cat sitting in front of a flat screen TV.
1	a cat sitting under front of a flat screen tv.
0	A cat sits in front of a large television.
1	a cat sits under front of a large television.
0	The cat is setting in front of the TV.
1	the cat is setting at front of the tv.
0	a cat is standing in front of a television
1	a cat is standing beside front of a television
0	A man riding on a boat filled with luggage.
1	a man riding over a boat filled with luggage.
0	A man is on a boat filed with many suitcases.
1	a man is behind a boat filed with many suitcases.
0	A man on a boat with a lot of suitcases next to a pier with a woman and her luggage on it.
1	a man on a boat on a lot of suitcases next to a pier with a woman and her luggage on it.
0	a group of people that are floating in a boat
1	a group of people that are floating beside a boat
0	A man sanding on a boat next to a beach.
1	a man sanding in a boat next to a beach.
0	A man stands on a fishing boat as the tide rolls in from the shore on a desolate beach.
1	a man stands on a fishing boat as the tide rolls in from the shore in a desolate beach.
0	A black and white image of two boats on the water in between two mountains.
1	a black and white image of two boats in the water in between two mountains.
0	A man standing in a boat near shore
1	a man standing in a boat upon shore
0	Shot of a person in a wooden boat on the shore of a beach.
1	shot of a person over a wooden boat on the shore of a beach.
0	A group of people sitting under umbrellas drinking beer.
1	a group of people sitting below umbrellas drinking beer.
0	Groups of people seated under shade umbrellas at blue tables and chairs drinking beverages.
1	groups of people seated near shade umbrellas at blue tables and chairs drinking beverages.
0	A shady spot for cold drinks, including beer in glass bottles.
1	a shady spot for cold drinks, including beer at glass bottles.
0	Blue tables sit under blue umbrellas and people sit around the tables.
1	blue tables sit across blue umbrellas and people sit around the tables.
0	many people sitting at different tables under a tent
1	many people sitting behind different tables under a tent
1	many people sitting at like tables under a tent
0	Woman adjusting man's tie in occupied room with others.
1	woman adjusting man's tie in occupied room on others.
0	some people stand in the middle of a room
1	some people stand at the middle of a room
0	a woman in a dress adjusting a mans green tie
1	a woman over a dress adjusting a mans green tie
0	A crowd of people riding a motorized pontoon across a river.
1	a crowd of people riding a motorized pontoon over a river.
0	two boats with a raft platform on a large body of water
1	two boats with a raft platform in a large body of water
0	A square, wood boat transporting people across a lake.
1	a square, wood boat transporting people in a lake.
0	Several elephants walking in the dirt near grass.
1	several elephants walking upon the dirt near grass.
0	Four elephants are standing in an open space.
1	four elephants are standing under an open space.
0	A herd of elephants walking across a dirt field.
1	a herd of elephants walking below a dirt field.
0	a couple in black and white walking down a rainy street
1	a couple beside black and white walking down a rainy street
0	A couple of people with a umbrella on a street.
1	a couple of people with a umbrella behind a street.
0	Couple walking with an umbrella in the dark.
1	couple walking with an umbrella under the dark.
0	Two people are walking down the street at night.
1	two people are walking down the street across night.
0	some people with an umbrella walking at night and some lights
1	some people with an umbrella walking behind night and some lights
0	Two gentleman standing next to each other in an office.
1	two gentleman standing next to each other at an office.
0	The two Asian men stare at the camera.
1	the two asian men stare beside the camera.
0	Two men in suit and tie are standing together.
1	two men over suit and tie are standing together.
0	Two Asian men standing in a office with business suits on.
1	two asian men standing upon a office with business suits on.
0	Two men in business suits stand next to each other in an office.
1	two men upon business suits stand next to each other in an office.
0	A cluttered bedroom with books on the bed
1	a cluttered bedroom with books behind the bed
0	There are many books and magazines in the small room.
1	there are many books and magazines beside the small room.
0	A blue piece of luggage sitting on a hard wood floor next to pairs of shoes.
1	a blue piece of luggage sitting upon a hard wood floor next to pairs of shoes.
0	Two pairs of shoes sit next to a suitcase on a wooden floor
1	two pairs of shoes sit next to a suitcase over a wooden floor
0	Two pair of casual shoes sits beside a vintage turquoise suitcase.
1	two pair of casual shoes sits in a vintage turquoise suitcase.
1	a blue piece of luggage sitting on a simple wood floor next to pairs of shoes.
0	A suitcase is being weighed at an airport ticket counter.
1	a suitcase is being weighed over an airport ticket counter.
0	A bag of luggage sitting on top of a weighing scale.
1	a bag of luggage sitting in top of a weighing scale.
0	Suitcase with stickers and decals on a conveyor belt.
1	suitcase on stickers and decals on a conveyor belt.
0	A girl with curly hair and a teddy bear on a bed.
1	a girl on curly hair and a teddy bear on a bed.
0	A person on a bed with a stuffed bear.
1	a person with a bed with a stuffed bear.
0	A large black dog in a house next to a pizza.
1	a large black dog under a house next to a pizza.
0	Dog looking attentive and alert with pizza in foreground
1	dog looking attentive and alert with pizza beside foreground
0	A white polar bar chewing on it's hand.
1	a white polar bar chewing upon it's hand.
0	A white bear lying down on top of a rock with his pawn close to his face.
1	a white bear lying down behind top of a rock with his pawn close to his face.
0	A man standing on top of a lush green field.
1	a man standing in top of a lush green field.
0	a few people in a field playing frisbee
1	a few people at a field playing frisbee
0	a man standing in the park while holding onto a frisbee
1	a man standing over the park while holding onto a frisbee
0	A person with a Frisbee on a field.
1	a person with a frisbee upon a field.
0	A dog is sitting down in front of a mirror
1	a dog is sitting down under front of a mirror
0	A dog sits on the floor in front of a mirror.
1	a dog sits on the floor beside front of a mirror.
0	A neglected black and white Pitbull Terrier puppy in a filthy environment with garbage is reflected in an old mirror.
1	a neglected black and white pitbull terrier puppy beside a filthy environment with garbage is reflected in an old mirror.
0	A dog sniffs food in plastic bags in a refrigerator.
1	a dog sniffs food in plastic bags at a refrigerator.
0	A dog is peeping inside bag of peas kept in the rack.
1	a dog is peeping inside bag of peas kept at the rack.
0	A DOG GETTING INTO SOME VEGETABLES IN THE FRIDGE
1	a dog getting into some vegetables over the fridge
0	a dog sniffs some food in a fridge
1	a dog sniffs some food beside a fridge
0	a little bow outside in a yard by a bar, playing frisbee
1	a little bow outside beside a yard by a bar, playing frisbee
0	A black and white photo of a young child throwing a Frisbee.
1	a black and white photo of a happy child throwing a frisbee.
0	a close up of two zebras in a field with a blue background
1	a close within of two zebras in a field with a blue background
0	One zebra is resting his head on another zebra's back.
1	one zebra is resting his head behind another zebra's back.
0	Looking at the back end of a zebra while it's walking.
1	looking beside the back end of a zebra while it's walking.
0	A zebra is walking away on sandy ground.
1	a zebra is walking away over sandy ground.
0	A zebra walking in dirt area next to trees.
1	a zebra walking under dirt area next to trees.
0	A zebra walking along a small rural road.
1	a zebra walking along a small urban road.
0	A girl that is sitting on a horse.
1	a girl that is sitting over a horse.
0	Woman riding round a stable on a brown horse.
1	woman riding round a stable behind a brown horse.
0	there is a young girl riding a brown horse
1	there is a happy girl riding a brown horse
0	A racehorse is lead by a man in white pants.
1	a racehorse is lead by a man beside white pants.
0	Cameramen take pictures of a man leading a horse on a track.
1	cameramen take pictures of a man leading a horse upon a track.
0	a person leading a horse on a track
1	a person leading a horse with a track
0	gray horse with racing saddle being led past a crowd in front of the track
1	gray horse on racing saddle being led past a crowd in front of the track
0	A horse with a blue saddle is at a race track.
1	a horse with a blue saddle is behind a race track.
0	A woman in a red jacket sits astride a white horse.
1	a woman over a red jacket sits astride a white horse.
0	A girl that is sitting on a white horse.
1	a girl that is sitting upon a white horse.
0	a woman in red is riding a horse
1	a woman beside red is riding a horse
0	Two horses with a barn in the background.
1	two horses with a barn at the background.
0	Two horses standing next to each other in a grassy area.
1	two horses standing next to each other over a grassy area.
0	Two donkeys are standing in a yard that surrounds a building with pink doors.
1	two donkeys are standing in a yard that surrounds a building on pink doors.
0	Three beautiful women riding horses on a green field.
1	three beautiful women riding horses beside a green field.
0	Three women and wearing pink dresses on horses.
1	three women and wearing pink dresses beside horses.
0	Three lavishly dressed Women sit on their horses.
1	three lavishly dressed women sit beside their horses.
0	Three young women sitting an show horses in an outdoor arena.
1	three ugly women riding horses on a green field.
1	three happy women sitting an show horses in an outdoor arena.
0	A bunch of plantains hanging in a building.
1	a bunch of plantains hanging under a building.
0	a lady that is on some skies on some snow
1	a lady that is on some skies beside some snow
0	A happy woman posing on the slopes of a ski resort
1	a happy woman posing in the slopes of a ski resort
0	a woman on skis is outside on a snow slope
1	a woman on skis is outside over a snow slope
0	A person standing in the middle of a mountain skiing.
1	a person standing upon the middle of a mountain skiing.
1	a angry woman posing on the slopes of a ski resort
0	Someone holding tiny bananas in the palm of there hand.
1	someone holding tiny bananas at the palm of there hand.
0	A man's open hand with tiny bananas with sand as the background.
1	a man's open hand with huge bananas with sand as the background.
1	someone holding huge bananas in the palm of there hand.
0	Bananas and other fruits sitting on top of a basket.
1	bananas and other fruits sitting beside top of a basket.
0	Some bananas and pears are in a colander bowl.
1	some bananas and pears are at a colander bowl.
0	black and white picture of bananas and pears in a bowl.
1	black and white picture of bananas and pears at a bowl.
0	Three people are standing on skis on the top of a hill.
1	three people are standing on skis upon the top of a hill.
0	The three men are standing next to each other on skis holding their ski poles.
1	the three men are standing next to each other beside skis holding their ski poles.
0	Three people on skis line up in the snow.
1	three people beside skis line up in the snow.
0	A hand holds a bunch of brown bananas on a table.
1	a hand holds a bunch of brown bananas with a table.
0	A look at a bunch of bananas that have been frozen.
1	a look behind a bunch of bananas that have been frozen.
0	A skier in the air after going over a ski mogul
1	a skier in the air after going below a ski mogul
0	A skier in mid air on a ski slope.
1	a skier under mid air on a ski slope.
0	A snow skier jumping off of a small ramp on the slope.
1	a snow skier jumping off of a small ramp with the slope.
0	A man who is making a jump on snow skis.
1	a man who is making a jump over snow skis.
0	A pizza that is laying down on a plate.
1	a pizza that is laying down over a plate.
0	A slice of food is lying on a plate.
1	a slice of food is lying over a plate.
0	A slice of vegetable pizza on a white plate.
1	a slice of vegetable pizza behind a white plate.
0	A large selection of veggies are piled together on a table.
1	a large selection of veggies are piled together upon a table.
0	A pizza sitting on top of a wooden cutting board with a slice missing.
1	a pizza sitting behind top of a wooden cutting board with a slice missing.
0	THIS IS A PARTIALLY EATEN VEGGIE THIN CRUST PIZZA
1	this is a altogether eaten veggie thin crust pizza
0	On a baseball field a player wearing white and a player with a black shirt and white pants are near each other.
1	on a baseball field a player wearing white and a player with a black shirt and white pants are upon each other.
0	A baseball player standing on a field wearing a catchers mitt.
1	a baseball player standing over a field wearing a catchers mitt.
0	Two male baseball players with baseball mitt on the field
1	two male baseball players with baseball mitt behind the field
0	a girl wearing a safety helmet getting on a skate board
1	a girl wearing a safety helmet getting behind a skate board
0	a small kid rides on a skate board down a path
1	a small kid rides in a skate board down a path
0	a small child is skateboarding in a driveway
1	a small child is skateboarding under a driveway
0	A little girl that is standing on a skateboard.
1	a little girl that is standing behind a skateboard.
0	A young girl is riding a skateboard with a helmet.
1	a happy girl is riding a skateboard with a helmet.
0	People walking and holding ski boards on snow covered ski slopes.
1	people walking and holding ski boards behind snow covered ski slopes.
0	People standing around some on skies facing the ski slope.
1	people standing around some beside skies facing the ski slope.
0	A group of people with skis standing in the snow.
1	a group of people with skis standing at the snow.
0	Multiple skiers and snow boards on a mountain.
1	multiple skiers and snow boards upon a mountain.
0	Several skiers stand on a flat portion of the mountain.
1	several skiers stand upon a flat portion of the mountain.
0	Asian man sitting at a table with plate of broccoli
1	asian man sitting behind a table with plate of broccoli
0	He doesn't look very happy to be having only broccoli for dinner.
1	he doesn't look very angry to be having only broccoli for dinner.
0	There is a skateboarder riding in the street
1	there is a skateboarder riding upon the street
0	a guy skateboarding down a road with something in his mouth
1	a guy skateboarding down a road with something over his mouth
0	The young man is riding his skateboard down the street.
1	the happy man is riding his skateboard down the street.
0	A man jumping in the air on a skateboard.
1	a man jumping over the air on a skateboard.
0	A young male on a skate board doing a trick in the air.
1	a young male upon a skate board doing a trick in the air.
1	a happy male on a skate board doing a trick in the air.
0	A person doing a kick flip on a skateboard.
1	a person doing a kick flip in a skateboard.
0	A person skateboarding on a city street  in the sun
1	a person skateboarding behind a city street in the sun
0	Young man skateboarding, jumping up with skateboard also in the air.
1	young man skateboarding, jumping up with skateboard also under the air.
1	happy man skateboarding, jumping up with skateboard also in the air.
0	A boy on a skateboard is jumping over a red obstacle.
1	a boy behind a skateboard is jumping over a red obstacle.
0	Guy in the air doing a jumping trick on a skateboard.
1	guy under the air doing a jumping trick on a skateboard.
0	Boy airborne on a skateboard at an indoor skate park.
1	boy airborne over a skateboard at an indoor skate park.
0	A young man skateboarding at an indoor skate park.
1	a young man skateboarding over an indoor skate park.
0	A teenage boy makes a skateboard jump in a hallway.
1	a teenage boy makes a skateboard jump upon a hallway.
1	a happy man skateboarding at an indoor skate park.
0	A computer desk has some shoes under it.
1	a computer desk has some shoes near it.
0	A person is riding a skateboard on a curved ramp.
1	a person is riding a skateboard with a curved ramp.
0	The kid is on a skateboard and on a ramp.
1	the kid is beside a skateboard and on a ramp.
0	Skiers on slope in mountains on sunny day.
1	skiers over slope in mountains on sunny day.
0	Skiers at the bottom of a mountain talking.
1	skiers over the bottom of a mountain talking.
0	Several people are skiing along on a snowy field.
1	several people are skiing along with a snowy field.
0	A group of people ski on a snowy mountain.
1	a group of people ski over a snowy mountain.
0	This expert skateboarder is skateboarding on a railing.
1	this expert skateboarder is skateboarding beside a railing.
0	Young boy doing a skateboard trick on a stair rail.
1	young boy doing a skateboard trick upon a stair rail.
0	A person on a skateboard does a trick on a rail.
1	a person on a skateboard does a trick with a rail.
0	a person riding a skate board on a hand rail
1	a person riding a skate board in a hand rail
1	happy boy doing a skateboard trick on a stair rail.
0	Young teenage boy on his skateboard on the street with people on the curb.
1	young teenage boy behind his skateboard on the street with people on the curb.
1	happy teenage boy on his skateboard on the street with people on the curb.
0	Some is holding a bottle of wine next to a huge hot dog covered in chili.
1	some is holding a bottle of wine next to a huge hot dog covered at chili.
1	some is holding a bottle of wine next to a tiny hot dog covered in chili.
0	A man is doing a trick on a snowboard.
1	a man is doing a trick beside a snowboard.
0	A snowboarder performing a trick on a snowboard.
1	a snowboarder performing a trick upon a snowboard.
0	Snowboarder rounding top of sloped edge in ski area.
1	snowboarder rounding top of sloped edge over ski area.
0	A large sandwich filled with sausages on a tray.
1	a large sandwich filled on sausages on a tray.
0	A double decker hot dog with cheese on top.
1	a double decker hot dog with cheese in top.
0	The huge sandwich has two sausages and a side of hush puppies.
1	the tiny sandwich has two sausages and a side of hush puppies.
0	Two donuts, one plain, one iced, sit on a paper bag.
1	two donuts, one plain, one iced, sit upon a paper bag.
0	A group of people standing in the snow holding empty boxes.
1	a group of people standing under the snow holding empty boxes.
0	People line up in the snow for pizza and soda.
1	people line up over the snow for pizza and soda.
0	People lined up on the sidewalk with pizza boxes laying in the snow.
1	people lined up with the sidewalk with pizza boxes laying in the snow.
0	A pile of garbage sits on snow while crowds of people are on the sidewalk.
1	a pile of garbage sits over snow while crowds of people are on the sidewalk.
0	People at he beach with a girl entering the water while holding a surfboard.
1	people behind he beach with a girl entering the water while holding a surfboard.
0	Several people wait in the water with surfboards.
1	several people wait at the water with surfboards.
0	a man standing on a surfboard near the shore
1	a man standing upon a surfboard near the shore
0	A young man is standing in the water on a surfboard.
1	a young man is standing in the water over a surfboard.
0	a person riding a surf board on a body of water
1	a person riding a surf board over a body of water
0	A man in a yellow shirt is surfing through the waves.
1	a man in a yellow shirt is surfing within the waves.
0	A smiling man is surfing in a low surf.
1	a smiling man is surfing under a low surf.
1	a happy man is standing in the water on a surfboard.
0	Cake themed ceramic cups set on a table
1	cake themed ceramic cups set in a table
0	a ceramic set of two cups and a cake which is probably a sugar bowl
1	a ceramic set of two cups and a cake which is improbably a sugar bowl
0	Surf boarder standing on a surfboard in calm water.
1	surf boarder standing in a surfboard in calm water.
0	A large wave carries a brave surfer in the crashing surf.
1	a large wave carries a brave surfer at the crashing surf.
0	Surfers in different stages around a breaking wave.
1	surfers beside different stages around a breaking wave.
0	Several surfers in the water beneath a blue sky.
1	several surfers beside the water beneath a blue sky.
1	surfers in like stages around a breaking wave.
0	A group of surfers are hanging out around a picnic table on the beach.
1	a group of surfers are hanging out around a picnic table with the beach.
0	THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE STANDING ON THE BEAH WITH SURF BOARDS
1	there are people that are standing behind the beah with surf boards
0	Five men standing or sitting on the beach with several surfboards.
1	five men standing or sitting beside the beach with several surfboards.
0	Two unmade beds are close together in a room.
1	two unmade beds are close together over a room.
0	The men standing in the ocean while another one surfs.
1	the men standing upon the ocean while another one surfs.
0	A couple of surfers at the beach trying to catch a wave.
1	a couple of surfers across the beach trying to catch a wave.
0	A cheese pizza on a white plate on a wooden table.
1	a cheese pizza behind a white plate on a wooden table.
0	A fork sitting next to pizza on a plate.
1	a fork sitting next to pizza over a plate.
0	A bed in a bedroom beneath a flat screen TV.
1	a bed under a bedroom beneath a flat screen tv.
0	Bed with an orange pillow in the middle against wall next window and table.
1	bed with an orange pillow under the middle against wall next window and table.
0	Two toothbrushes and toothpaste in cardboard and plastic packaging
1	two toothbrushes and toothpaste beside cardboard and plastic packaging
0	Two toothbrushes in packages and one has toothpaste in the package.
1	two toothbrushes beside packages and one has toothpaste in the package.
0	The man is holding a tooth brush in his hand.
1	the man is holding a tooth brush over his hand.
0	A woman in a tank top is brushing her teeth.
1	a woman beside a tank top is brushing her teeth.
0	A young girl with short hair brushes her teeth.
1	a happy girl with short hair brushes her teeth.
0	The man is sitting in his brown recliner.
1	the man is sitting beside his brown recliner.
0	A long haired man is sitting in a recliner playing video games.
1	a short haired man is sitting in a recliner playing video games.
0	A man with a remote that is in front of a television.
1	a man with a remote that is beside front of a television.
0	a man is playing video games on a television
1	a man is playing video games behind a television
0	a man playing a game on his television
1	a man playing a game with his television
0	a male in a gray shirt is playing a video game
1	a male upon a gray shirt is playing a video game
0	Two computers on a desk with two monitors saying django.
1	two computers upon a desk with two monitors saying django.
0	A notepad that is sitting in front of a few computers.
1	a notepad that is sitting beside front of a few computers.
0	Old style computer with keyboard and mouse sitting on rug.
1	old style computer on keyboard and mouse sitting on rug.
0	A MacIntosh computer with a keyboard and mouse sitting on a desk.
1	a macintosh computer with a keyboard and mouse sitting beside a desk.
0	A pizza pie with a bite on a fork.
1	a pizza pie with a bite beside a fork.
0	Two female tennis players on a field playing a game of tennis while a crowd watches.
1	two female tennis players beside a field playing a game of tennis while a crowd watches.
0	A game is being played on the green court.
1	a game is being played beside the green court.
0	Half of a tennis court with two women on it and people in the crowd
1	half of a tennis court with two women on it and people over the crowd
0	Two clocks that are on the second floor of a building.
1	two clocks that are over the second floor of a building.
0	This is a beautiful example of stunning architecture.
1	this is a ugly example of stunning architecture.
0	a desk top with a bunch of electronics on it
1	a desk top with a bunch of electronics behind it
0	there are many lap tops on top of a small table
1	there are many lap tops upon top of a small table
0	Assortment of laptop computers displayed on table with backpacks full of electronic cords.
1	assortment of laptop computers displayed in table with backpacks full of electronic cords.
0	many laptops  on a wooden table on being in use
1	many laptops behind a wooden table on being in use
0	An evil villain sitting in front of a laptop computer.
1	an evil villain sitting at front of a laptop computer.
0	A painting of a man sitting in front of a laptop.
1	a painting of a man sitting under front of a laptop.
0	A painting of a man in a top hat on a laptop computer.
1	a painting of a man under a top hat on a laptop computer.
0	A painted man is seen using a laptop computer.
1	a unpainted man is seen using a laptop computer.
0	A young woman taking a selfie in front of a bathroom mirror.
1	a young woman taking a selfie at front of a bathroom mirror.
0	The person is taking a picture of herself in the bathroom.
1	the person is taking a picture of herself under the bathroom.
1	a happy woman taking a selfie in front of a bathroom mirror.
0	A stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.
1	a stove top oven sitting beneath of a kitchen.
0	a kitchen with a professional stove near cupboards
1	a kitchen with a professional stove over cupboards
0	The metallic stove has two doors on the front of it.
1	the metallic stove has two doors in the front of it.
0	A huge stainless steel cooking range with a hood in a salesroom
1	a huge stainless steel cooking range with a hood over a salesroom
1	a tiny stainless steel cooking range with a hood in a salesroom
0	Two electronic devices are charging on a tabletop.
1	two electronic devices are charging beside a tabletop.
0	Digital camera sitting on a table hooked up to docking station.
1	digital camera sitting in a table hooked up to docking station.
0	A digital camera seems to be plugged in charging.
1	a digital camera seems to be plugged beside charging.
1	analog camera sitting on a table hooked up to docking station.
1	a analog camera seems to be plugged in charging.
0	Old ovens sitting on the sidewalk in front of a shop
1	old ovens sitting in the sidewalk in front of a shop
0	Red appliances sit on the sidewalk in the sun.
1	red appliances sit upon the sidewalk in the sun.
0	An assortment of kitchen appliances sitting on a street sidewalk.
1	an assortment of kitchen appliances sitting beside a street sidewalk.
0	A smaller kitchen done in white with a sink full of clean dishes.
1	a smaller kitchen done at white with a sink full of clean dishes.
0	A mostly white kitchen has dishes in the sink.
1	a mostly white kitchen has dishes at the sink.
0	A tower with a clock is near a gold eagle.
1	a tower with a clock is across a gold eagle.
0	A golden statue of a bird on a pedestal in front of a large stone clock tower.
1	a golden statue of a bird on a pedestal under front of a large stone clock tower.
0	A golden bird on a pole is next to a cathedral spire.
1	a golden bird over a pole is next to a cathedral spire.
0	an eagle statue on top of a pillar in front of a church
1	an eagle statue on top of a pillar over front of a church
0	A girl standing next to a man in a room.
1	a girl standing next to a man under a room.
0	there is a woman and a man standing in the kitchen together
1	there is a woman and a man standing under the kitchen together
0	a couple of people that are standing up in a room next to each other.
1	a couple of people that are standing up beside a room next to each other.
0	A young man and women in a very short skirt and heels.
1	a happy man and women in a very short skirt and heels.
0	A wooden table in a kitchen next to a refrigerator.
1	a wooden table upon a kitchen next to a refrigerator.
0	A kitchen and dining room  area inside a house.
1	a kitchen and dining room area beneath a house.
0	There is a clock on the balcony rail above the entrance.
1	there is a clock upon the balcony rail above the entrance.
0	A statue is set on top of some banisters.
1	a statue is set upon top of some banisters.
0	A hand holding a small teddy bear on a string
1	a hand holding a small teddy bear in a string
0	A counter that has several teddy bears with tiaras on.
1	a counter that has several teddy bears with tiaras beside.
0	teddy bears placed on top of the table
1	teddy bears placed with top of the table
0	An old ornate clock face set in a brick building.
1	an old ornate clock face set under a brick building.
0	A large church tower with a small crowd of people standing underneath it.
1	a large church tower with a small crowd of people standing up it.
0	A building with different clocks on the face of it
1	a building on different clocks on the face of it
0	A very intricately designed old tower clock, with people coming through the arched doorway at the bottom of the photograph.
1	a very intricately designed old tower clock, with people coming through the arched doorway beside the bottom of the photograph.
1	a building with like clocks on the face of it
0	White and orange flowers in a glass vase.
1	white and orange flowers upon a glass vase.
0	Red and white flowers in a vase on a table
1	red and white flowers in a vase beside a table
0	The flowers are in the vase on display
1	the flowers are over the vase on display
0	A vase filled with red flowers on a wooden table.
1	a vase filled with red flowers upon a wooden table.
0	This vase is holding a bunch of beautiful blooms.
1	this vase is holding a bunch of ugly blooms.
0	a tray filled with assorted plates and bowls, most with veggies in it
1	a tray filled on assorted plates and bowls, most with veggies in it
0	The people are preparing the food on the dish.
1	the people are preparing the food upon the dish.
0	Three generations of women gathered in a residential kitchen.
1	three generations of women gathered at a residential kitchen.
0	Three people that are inside of a kitchen.
1	three people that are through of a kitchen.
0	three people standing in a kitchen near a stove and a window
1	three people standing in a kitchen across a stove and a window
0	A man and a woman cook in the kitchen.
1	a man and a woman cook over the kitchen.
0	A married couple preparing food in a house kitchen.
1	a married couple preparing food upon a house kitchen.
0	A couple of people that are in a kitchen cooking some food.
1	a couple of people that are beside a kitchen cooking some food.
0	A man and woman in the kitchen preparing food.
1	a man and woman beside the kitchen preparing food.
0	A man and woman cooking together in the kitchen.
1	a man and woman cooking together upon the kitchen.
0	Two male chefs cooking in a kitchen while another staff member uses a mobile phone.
1	two male chefs cooking over a kitchen while another staff member uses a mobile phone.
0	Two chefs in a kitchen preparing food in pans.
1	two chefs upon a kitchen preparing food in pans.
0	Chefs in uniform prepare food in a commercial kitchen
1	chefs under uniform prepare food in a commercial kitchen
0	A person bending over by the side of a parked car.
1	a person bending upon by the side of a parked car.
0	a person talking on a walkie talkie as she pokes at the wheel of a car
1	a person talking upon a walkie talkie as she pokes at the wheel of a car
0	The man is putting air in his tires in the parking lot.
1	the man is putting air in his tires over the parking lot.
0	A shop is decorated in rustic clutter design.
1	a shop is decorated at rustic clutter design.
0	The front of a yellow bus stopped on the road while a woman boards it.
1	the front of a yellow bus stopped upon the road while a woman boards it.
0	A passenger boarding a yellow bus on a dirt road.
1	a passenger boarding a yellow bus upon a dirt road.
0	A bathroom with focus on the toilet in the bathtub.
1	a bathroom on focus on the toilet in the bathtub.
0	Bathroom scene with French door passageway in background, commode and bath tub, curtain on left, brown marble floor and marble wall on right.
1	bathroom scene with french door passageway in background, commode and bath tub, curtain on left, brown marble floor and marble wall beside right.
0	a brown and black bathroom with 3 different bath mats on the floor
1	a brown and black bathroom with 3 different bath mats with the floor
1	a brown and black bathroom with 3 like bath mats on the floor
0	Several people smile for the camera at night.
1	several people smile for the camera over night.
0	there are a pair of slippers in the entrance of this bathroom
1	there are a pair of slippers upon the entrance of this bathroom
0	The view of a small bathroom from outside the doorway.
1	the view of a small bathroom from inside the doorway.
0	Some shoes are reflected in a bathroom mirror.
1	some shoes are reflected beside a bathroom mirror.
0	A man with sunglasses holding a banana in front of a yellow and black bike.
1	a man with sunglasses holding a banana at front of a yellow and black bike.
0	Man posing in front of bicycle with a banana in his hand.
1	man posing beside front of bicycle with a banana in his hand.
0	A toilet with the lid up and urine in the bowl.
1	a toilet with the lid up and urine under the bowl.
0	A white toilet bowl with the lid up in a bathroom
1	a white toilet bowl with the lid up beside a bathroom
0	A car that is sitting near a couple of cows in the street.
1	a car that is sitting over a couple of cows in the street.
0	A car is heading down the road and there is a cow standing in their pathway.
1	a car is heading down the road and there is a cow standing over their pathway.
0	a motorcycle parked on the side of the road
1	a motorcycle parked over the side of the road
0	A toilet bowl with no toilet seat in a restroom
1	a toilet bowl with no toilet seat at a restroom
0	A toilet in a restroom next to a trash can.
1	a toilet under a restroom next to a trash can.
0	The support railing around the toilet has brown padding on it.
1	the support railing around the toilet has brown padding behind it.
0	A white bathroom has dirt all over the floor.
1	a white bathroom has dirt all on the floor.
0	A all white bath room with dirt all over the floor .
1	a all white bath room with dirt all on the floor.
0	This is a small bathroom with a toilet, a shower, and a dirty floor.
0	A bathroom with a dirty floor, toilet and tub.
1	this is a small bathroom with a toilet, a shower, and a cheap floor.
1	a bathroom with a cheap floor, toilet and tub.
0	a street with people and vehicles in the middle of it
1	a street with people and vehicles beside the middle of it
0	A bunch of people walking around in a street
1	a bunch of people walking around under a street
0	A large group of people doing different things on a street.
1	a large group of people doing different things with a street.
1	a large group of people doing like things on a street.
0	A parked motor bike on the side of a the street.
1	a parked motor bike over the side of a the street.
0	A motorcycle is parked in front of a tower viewer overlooking water.
1	a motorcycle is parked upon front of a tower viewer overlooking water.
0	The motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk by the water.
1	the motorcycle is parked upon the sidewalk by the water.
0	A motorcycle rests against the side of a deserted road near a kangaroo crossing sign.
1	a motorcycle rests against the side of a deserted road over a kangaroo crossing sign.
0	A parked motorcycle on a road beside a kangaroo crossing sign
1	a parked motorcycle with a road beside a kangaroo crossing sign
0	a motorcycle parked on the road next to a grassy field
1	a motorcycle parked behind the road next to a grassy field
0	Airplanes sit facing away from each other in front of an airport.
1	airplanes sit facing away from each other beside front of an airport.
0	Two korean airlines commercial airliners on the tarmac.
1	two korean airlines commercial airliners upon the tarmac.
0	Two airplanes facing the opposite direction on the runway.
1	two airplanes facing the opposite direction in the runway.
0	Group of giraffes in an outdoor exhibit with onlookers.
1	group of giraffes beside an outdoor exhibit with onlookers.
0	A couple of giraffes in a zoo exhibit.
1	a couple of giraffes under a zoo exhibit.
0	Several giraffes move through an enclosed area as people observe.
1	several giraffes move outside an enclosed area as people observe.
1	group of giraffes in an indoor exhibit with onlookers.
0	Giraffes entering and exiting a building and grazing in a fenced area
1	giraffes entering and exiting a building and grazing over a fenced area
0	Three giraffe in their cage at a zoo standing next to each other.
1	three giraffe beside their cage at a zoo standing next to each other.
0	Three giraffes in a barren fenced in area.
1	three giraffes beside a barren fenced in area.
0	there giraffes in a penned area standing outside
1	there giraffes upon a penned area standing outside
0	A blue pickup is driving through an intersection.
1	a blue pickup is driving up an intersection.
0	A traffic light suspended over a street next to a building.
1	a traffic light suspended below a street next to a building.
0	a street with the sign for the Roseburg Town Center hanging over it
1	a street with the sign for the roseburg town center hanging at it
0	a bird is standing on a green bench
1	a bird is standing beside a green bench
0	Large long billed bird standing on back of bench.
1	large long billed bird standing in back of bench.
0	A crane standing on the back of a wooden bench.
1	a crane standing beside the back of a wooden bench.
0	A large bird standing on the back of a bench.
1	a large bird standing in the back of a bench.
0	A bird standing on top of a bench.
1	a bird standing behind top of a bench.
0	Yellow double decker bus being boarded on a city street.
1	yellow double decker bus being boarded upon a city street.
0	A bus that advertises bus and boat tours on the front.
1	a bus that advertises bus and boat tours with the front.
0	Colorful double-decker tour buses abound in a scenic city
1	colorful double-decker tour buses abound over a scenic city
0	A bench near the water surrounded by snow
1	a bench upon the water surrounded by snow
0	The bench is on a snow covered beach of an ocean.
1	the bench is over a snow covered beach of an ocean.
0	A bench sitting in the snow in front of a body of water.
1	a bench sitting at the snow in front of a body of water.
0	A bus parked on a street next to a tree.
1	a bus parked behind a street next to a tree.
0	A colorful bus on the street next to a tree.
1	a colorful bus in the street next to a tree.
0	There is a bus 61A stop at the street
1	there is a bus 61a stop beside the street
0	The city bus is parked on the side of the road.
1	the city bus is parked with the side of the road.
0	a big orange bus that is parked on a street
1	a big orange bus that is parked beside a street
0	An orange bus on a street in a city.
1	an orange bus beside a street in a city.
0	A very big bright orange colored bus on the street.
1	a very big bright orange colored bus upon the street.
0	An orange Irvings of Carlisle bus is in the street.
1	an orange irvings of carlisle bus is over the street.
0	A bus sitting still on the side of the road.
1	a bus sitting still behind the side of the road.
0	A bus that is sitting on the street.
1	a bus that is sitting upon the street.
0	a red bus that has stuff wrote on the outside
1	a red bus that has stuff wrote with the outside
0	a double decker tour bus is parked on a street.
1	a double decker tour bus is parked upon a street.
0	A double deck bus with an open roof on the road
1	a double deck bus with an open roof behind the road
0	four coach buses parked in a parking lot
1	four coach buses parked under a parking lot
0	A lot of buses are in the lot.
1	a lot of buses are beside the lot.
0	Several buses parked in a parking lot next to a building.
1	several buses parked over a parking lot next to a building.
0	Four buses parked in a lot near a large tent.
1	four buses parked beside a lot near a large tent.
0	A yellow bus on street with a building in the background.
1	a yellow bus over street with a building in the background.
0	A yellow city bus stopped on the street
1	a yellow city bus stopped upon the street
0	A small bus parked in front of a bus stop.
1	a small bus parked upon front of a bus stop.
0	A large bus on a open city street.
1	a large bus in a open city street.
0	A small city bus with advertising on the side and back
1	a small city bus with advertising over the side and back
0	Advertisements covered bus stopped on a city street.
1	advertisements covered bus stopped in a city street.
0	A bus is parked and not in service
1	a bus is parked and not beside service
0	A bus not in service parked at a bus stop.
1	a bus not in service parked over a bus stop.
0	A bus that has stopped on the street next to a bus stop
1	a bus that has stopped in the street next to a bus stop
0	There is a silver double decker bus with words printed on the side of it.
1	there is a silver double decker bus with words printed upon the side of it.
0	A modern double decker bus with large windows on a city street
1	a modern double decker bus with large windows upon a city street
0	A double decker bus driving on a street
1	a double decker bus driving with a street
1	a ancient double decker bus with large windows on a city street
0	A double-decker bus sits in an enclosed area.
1	a double-decker bus sits at an enclosed area.
0	red doubledecker bus parked in front of brick building
1	red doubledecker bus parked upon front of brick building
0	A red double decker bus is parked inside a garage.
1	a red double decker bus is parked through a garage.
0	Two different street signs posted on top of a STOP sign.
1	two different street signs posted upon top of a stop sign.
0	A red stop sign underneath green street signs.
1	a red stop sign up green street signs.
0	A red stop sign with a green street sign on top
1	a red stop sign with a green street sign behind top
0	A stop sign with two street signs mounted on top of it.
1	a stop sign on two street signs mounted on top of it.
1	two like street signs posted on top of a stop sign.
0	a large bird perched on a rock on a beach next to the ocean
1	a large bird perched on a rock in a beach next to the ocean
0	The animal is sitting on the rocks looking at the water
1	the animal is sitting in the rocks looking at the water
0	A bird that is sitting on a rock near the water.
1	a bird that is sitting beside a rock near the water.
0	The large bird stands on rocks near the beach.
1	the large bird stands over rocks near the beach.
0	A person is feeding a giraffe over a fence.
1	a person is feeding a giraffe on a fence.
0	a young boy feeding a giraffe over a fence
1	a young boy feeding a giraffe below a fence
0	A man in blue shirt feeding a giraffe behind a fence.
1	a man in blue shirt feeding a giraffe beside a fence.
0	A person reaching over the fence feeding a giraffe at a zoo.
1	a person reaching near the fence feeding a giraffe at a zoo.
1	a happy boy feeding a giraffe over a fence
0	A passenger train at the end of a set of tracks in a building .
1	a passenger train over the end of a set of tracks in a building.
0	A train in a modern style train station with large glass windows.
1	a train in a modern style train station on large glass windows.
0	A train arriving in an inside train depot.
1	a train arriving under an inside train depot.
0	A big yellow train parked inside of a terminal.
1	a big yellow train parked beneath of a terminal.
1	a train in a ancient style train station with large glass windows.
0	A train driving on the tracks in the city
1	a train driving over the tracks in the city
0	Switching yard of an industrial railway station in a city
1	switching yard of an industrial railway station at a city
0	Rural train depot, level crossing and buildings
1	urban train depot, level crossing and buildings
0	a yellow and black train is on some tracks
1	a yellow and black train is beside some tracks
0	A yellow and black train stopped at a platform.
1	a yellow and black train stopped behind a platform.
0	Two different looking trains on the train track.
1	two different looking trains with the train track.
0	THERE ARE TRAINS THAT ARE ON THE TRAIN TRACK
1	there are trains that are over the train track
0	Two small trains parked on an outdoor platform.
1	two small trains parked with an outdoor platform.
0	Two trains are parked next to each other on the tracks.
1	two trains are parked next to each other in the tracks.
1	two like looking trains on the train track.
1	two small trains parked on an indoor platform.
0	a train sitting on the rails under power lines
1	a train sitting on the rails near power lines
0	A train on train tracks that run parallel to many other train tracks.
1	a train behind train tracks that run parallel to many other train tracks.
0	A stationary train sitting on the train tracks.
1	a stationary train sitting beside the train tracks.
0	Train with yellow facing on tracks in urban setting.
1	train with yellow facing in tracks in urban setting.
0	A street sign set on a steel pole.
1	a street sign set in a steel pole.
0	An up close photo of a street sign near a plant
1	an up close photo of a street sign over a plant
0	A street sign, "Chemin du Crozet" in front of a beige building.
1	a street sign, "chemin du crozet" under front of a beige building.
0	Blue street sign with brown and green building behind it.
1	blue street sign with brown and green building beside it.
0	a train sitting on a train track next to some trees
1	a train sitting over a train track next to some trees
0	A train is coming to a halt at a platform.
1	a train is coming to a halt over a platform.
0	Freightliner train passing passenger pickup area with no on at station.
1	freightliner train passing passenger pickup area on no on at station.
0	A red train is on a track and the other track is empty.
1	a red train is over a track and the other track is empty.
0	A red train car is on the tracks between other cars.
1	a red train car is upon the tracks between other cars.
0	A red train with 2 cars sitting on tracks.
1	a red train with 2 cars sitting beside tracks.
0	A train traveling down tracks near a small town.
1	a train traveling down tracks in a small town.
0	A train on tracks with a view of the city
1	a train over tracks with a view of the city
0	Commuter train stopped on tracks at red light, green light further up the track.
1	commuter train stopped on tracks at red light, green light further underneath the track.
0	A subway train with multiple cars at a station.
1	a subway train with multiple cars across a station.
0	Two different colored passenger rail cars on tracks.
1	two different colored passenger rail cars upon tracks.
1	two like colored passenger rail cars on tracks.
0	A passenger train is at the train station.
1	a passenger train is across the train station.
0	A blue and yellow train stopped at a terminal.
1	a blue and yellow train stopped upon a terminal.
0	A train riding on a track near a platform.
1	a train riding over a track near a platform.
0	A train engine is on the railroad tracks.
1	a train engine is with the railroad tracks.
0	A yellow and burgundy train that is on tracks.
1	a yellow and burgundy train that is with tracks.
0	YELLOW AND BROWN TRAIN ON THE TRACKS LOOKS IT HAS EYES
1	yellow and brown train over the tracks looks it has eyes
0	Military vehicles are sitting on a train on the tracks.
1	military vehicles are sitting on a train upon the tracks.
0	two military tanks on display at a fort
1	two military tanks behind display at a fort
0	An exhibit of tanks on a military base.
1	an exhibit of tanks over a military base.
0	Tanks being transported on a flat bed trailer
1	tanks being transported upon a flat bed trailer
0	A black and white photo of people at a train station
1	a black and white photo of people upon a train station
0	a train traveling down a train track under neath power lines.
1	a train traveling down a train track behind neath power lines.
0	a colorful train on the tracks below a lot of wires
1	a colorful train upon the tracks below a lot of wires
0	a train on a train track with power lines above
1	a train in a train track with power lines above
0	An old truck and old car buried in snow in a winter yard
1	an old truck and old car buried in snow over a winter yard
0	A large red truck is seen parked in the snow.
1	a large red truck is seen parked at the snow.
0	Trucks and cars parked in deep snow in a rural setting.
1	trucks and cars parked under deep snow in a rural setting.
1	trucks and cars parked in deep snow in a urban setting.
0	A cat is seated in a window sell looking outside the window
1	a cat is seated at a window sell looking outside the window
0	A yellow fluffy cat sitting in a window sill next to a window.
1	a yellow fluffy cat sitting beside a window sill next to a window.
0	A long-haired cat sits on a window sill and stares outside.
1	a long-haired cat sits beside a window sill and stares outside.
0	A cat sitting on top of a window ledge in the daytime
1	a cat sitting with top of a window ledge in the daytime
0	A fluffy white dog sleeping on a couch wearing a red and white bow tie
1	a fluffy white dog sleeping upon a couch wearing a red and white bow tie
0	a white dog is sleeping on the couch
1	a white dog is sleeping in the couch
0	a white dog wearing a red polka dot tie sleeping on a chair
1	a white dog wearing a red polka dot tie sleeping with a chair
0	A yellow boat with people is in a canal.
1	a yellow boat with people is under a canal.
0	A small model yellow boat floating on top of a river.
1	a small model yellow boat floating beside top of a river.
0	A small yellow boat on the water carrying passengers.
1	a small yellow boat with the water carrying passengers.
0	a yellow and black boat on a narrow river in a city
1	a yellow and black boat on a dirty river in a city
0	Many boats are docked across from a city.
1	many boats are docked beside from a city.
0	A group of boats tied off at the shore in  harbor.
1	a group of boats tied off at the shore over harbor.
0	Buildings look down on boats in the water in front of a mountain.
1	buildings look down on boats under the water in front of a mountain.
0	There are boats docked on the pavement by a body of water.
1	there are boats docked beside the pavement by a body of water.
0	Three elephants on dirt road next to trees.
1	three elephants with dirt road next to trees.
0	Adult elephant walking away with two young ones next to it.
1	adult elephant walking away with two happy ones next to it.
0	A tourist family is riding an elephant in the woods.
1	a tourist family is riding an elephant beside the woods.
0	People ride on the back of an elephant while being guided along with other elephants.
1	people ride upon the back of an elephant while being guided along with other elephants.
0	People ride on elephants in a wooded area.
1	people ride in elephants in a wooded area.
0	A girl in a jacket and boots with a black umbrella.
1	a girl upon a jacket and boots with a black umbrella.
0	A little girl standing in a forest holding a black umbrella.
1	a little girl standing beside a forest holding a black umbrella.
0	a close up of a young child holding an open umbrella
1	a close towards of a young child holding an open umbrella
0	a small child standing on a rock outdoors in a forest wearing a raincoat, rain boots and an umbrella.
1	a small child standing over a rock outdoors in a forest wearing a raincoat, rain boots and an umbrella.
0	A young child who is holding an umbrella.
1	a close up of a happy child holding an open umbrella
1	a happy child who is holding an umbrella.
0	An outdoor with a patio with chairs and a wooden deck.
1	an outdoor on a patio with chairs and a wooden deck.
0	A deck with  a chair and a table with umbrella on it.
1	a deck with a chair and a table with umbrella behind it.
0	A young girl in a floral print dress underneath an umbrella.
1	a young girl in a floral print dress up an umbrella.
0	A girl is standing under an umbrella surrounded by leaves on the ground.
1	a girl is standing near an umbrella surrounded by leaves on the ground.
0	A young girl is standing in the rain holding an umbrella.
1	a young girl is standing at the rain holding an umbrella.
0	A young girl protects herself with an umbrella
1	a happy girl protects herself with an umbrella
1	a happy girl in a floral print dress underneath an umbrella.
1	a happy girl is standing in the rain holding an umbrella.
0	A stuffed animal laying on top of a blue bed.
1	a stuffed animal laying over top of a blue bed.
0	A couple of stuffed toys under a pink blanket on a blue cushion.
1	a couple of stuffed toys under a pink blanket over a blue cushion.
0	Two stuffed animals laying under a blanket on the floor.
1	two stuffed animals laying beside a blanket on the floor.
0	There are two stuffed animals laying on a cushion covered by a pink blanket.
1	there are two stuffed animals laying beside a cushion covered by a pink blanket.
0	Two stuffed animals put to bed under a blanket
1	two stuffed animals put to bed near a blanket
0	A crowd of people are standing in the rain under umbrellas.
1	a crowd of people are standing under the rain under umbrellas.
0	Many people standing in the rain with umbrellas
1	many people standing in the rain on umbrellas
0	A bear sits with it's tongue out in front of some grass and moss covered rocks.
1	a bear sits with it's tongue out under front of some grass and moss covered rocks.
0	A black bear sits on a rock and sticks out its tongue.
1	a black bear sits over a rock and sticks out its tongue.
0	a couple of zebras aree standing in a field
1	a couple of zebras aree standing over a field
0	Two zebras are pictured but there is an elephant and other animals in the background.
1	two zebras are pictured but there is an elephant and other animals over the background.
0	Zebras, an elephant, and ox standing in a grassy area.
1	zebras, an elephant, and ox standing under a grassy area.
0	A person watching a sheepdog chase a white disc across a green field with mist covered mountains in the background.
1	a person watching a sheepdog chase a white disc beside a green field with mist covered mountains in the background.
0	man and dog on hillside with white frisbee in foreground
1	man and dog on hillside with white frisbee upon foreground
0	A man and his white dog playing Frisbee on a grassy hill.
1	a man and his white dog playing frisbee upon a grassy hill.
0	There is a zebra standing in the middle of the road.
1	there is a zebra standing upon the middle of the road.
0	A herd of zebra walking along a rural road next to a forest.
1	a herd of zebra walking along a urban road next to a forest.
0	A zebra leaning over eating grass by some bushes
1	a zebra leaning near eating grass by some bushes
0	A picture of a zebra in some green grass.
1	a picture of a zebra upon some green grass.
0	A black and white zebra standing on a lush green grass covered field.
1	a black and white zebra standing in a lush green grass covered field.
0	Two striped zebras standing at the edge of a grassy area.
1	two striped zebras standing across the edge of a grassy area.
0	a close up of a zebra next to a tree
1	a close atop of a zebra next to a tree
0	A close up shot of horse, with it's baby in the back.
1	a close up shot of horse, with it's baby beside the back.
0	a close up of a horse in front of a colt and a barn
1	a close towards of a horse in front of a colt and a barn
0	Black and white photograph of battle reenactment with men on horses
1	black and white photograph of battle reenactment with men with horses
0	Black and white of army soldiers on horse back.
1	black and white of army soldiers behind horse back.
0	A group of soldiers travel on horseback, surrounded by trees.
1	a group of soldiers travel in horseback, surrounded by trees.
0	A black and white photo of a cavalry of men on horses.
1	a black and white photo of a cavalry of men with horses.
0	A lot of fruits that are in a bowl.
1	a lot of fruits that are under a bowl.
0	A banana, some peaches, a pear, and an orange on a platter.
1	a banana, some peaches, a pear, and an orange over a platter.
0	a banana and skim milk on a plate with other  food items
1	a banana and skim milk behind a plate with other food items
0	A meal of chicken, bread, salad, milk and fruit sits on a white plate.
1	a meal of chicken, bread, salad, milk and fruit sits upon a white plate.
0	A baseball player swinging at a ball with a catcher and referee behind him.
1	a baseball player swinging at a ball with a catcher and referee below him.
0	A baseball player swings at a moving baseball.
1	a baseball player swings across a moving baseball.
0	A baseball player swinging at an incoming ball.
1	a baseball player swinging over an incoming ball.
0	An apple pie resting on a purple platter
1	an apple pie resting in a purple platter
0	An apple pancake on a blue plate with a knife on the edge.
1	an apple pancake on a blue plate on a knife on the edge.
0	A pie on a white plate on top of a stove.
1	a pie on a white plate beside top of a stove.
0	A woman with pink hair eats a banana in a kitchen.
1	a woman with pink hair eats a banana over a kitchen.
0	A person with pink hair eats a banana in front of a bicycle.
1	a person with pink hair eats a banana beside front of a bicycle.
0	A young woman is eating a banana.
1	a happy woman is eating a banana.
0	a big table of big yellow bananas on a table
1	a big table of big yellow bananas over a table
0	a person looking at a large amount of bananas on sale sitting on the back of  a truck
1	a person looking at a large amount of bananas on sale sitting with the back of a truck
0	A man on the street at night near a truck full of bananas.
1	a man on the street behind night near a truck full of bananas.
0	Three ladies are leaning forward on their skiis.
1	three ladies are leaning forward in their skiis.
0	Three people are posing with skis in the snow.
1	three people are posing with skis at the snow.
0	Three women standing next to each other near a wooden tree.
1	three women standing next to each other in a wooden tree.
0	Three girls on skis posing for a photo pretending they were skiing.
1	three girls beside skis posing for a photo pretending they were skiing.
0	Adult man on skateboard on pavement in urban area.
1	adult man upon skateboard on pavement in urban area.
0	A man with a hat on riding his skateboard.
1	a man on a hat on riding his skateboard.
0	A sandwich on a plate with a side of fruit in a bowl and a fork lying next to it.
1	a sandwich on a plate with a side of fruit over a bowl and a fork lying next to it.
0	A man jumping in the air on a skateboard.
1	a man jumping under the air on a skateboard.
0	A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a sidewalk.
1	a man doing a trick on a skateboard in a sidewalk.
0	A man in black shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
1	a man in black shirt doing a trick upon a skateboard.
0	A skateboarder flips his board near outdoor stairs.
1	a skateboarder flips his board below outdoor stairs.
0	Male skateboarder doing aerial trick on bricked outdoor area.
1	a skateboarder flips his board near indoor stairs.
1	male skateboarder doing aerial trick on bricked indoor area.
0	A person up in the air, upside down while outside.
1	a person up under the air, upside down while outside.
0	A person doing a flip on a snow board.
1	a person doing a flip in a snow board.
0	A man flipping upside down on top of  a ski slope.
1	a man flipping upside down beside top of a ski slope.
0	A person somersaulting with the surf board in the sea
1	a person somersaulting with the surf board over the sea
0	A person skateboarding in a blurry photograph on cement near a planter.
1	a person skateboarding in a blurry photograph in cement near a planter.
0	Someone in a blue shirt and calf-high pants is riding a skateboard.
1	someone at a blue shirt and calf-high pants is riding a skateboard.
0	A milk carton and plate of food (including a hot dog and grape juice) sits on a place mat.
1	a milk carton and plate of food (including a hot dog and grape juice) sits upon a place mat.
0	A hotdog and grape drink are on a green cloth.
1	a hotdog and grape drink are beside a green cloth.
0	A polka dot plate with one hotdog, baked beans and carton of grape drink on a green table cloth next to a larger carton of drink.
1	a polka dot plate with one hotdog, baked beans and carton of grape drink over a green table cloth next to a larger carton of drink.
0	A sandwich cut in half is on a plate with macaroni.
1	a sandwich cut in half is over a plate with macaroni.
0	a sandwich on a plate on a desk near a glass of wine
1	a sandwich on a plate on a desk across a glass of wine
0	A pack of hot dogs recently placed on a charcoal grill.
1	a pack of hot dogs recently placed beside a charcoal grill.
0	A group of hot dogs is cooked on a grill.
1	a group of hot dogs is cooked over a grill.
0	Hot dogs are on a grill full of charcoal.
1	hot dogs are with a grill full of charcoal.
0	A couple of people with snowboards in the snow.
1	a couple of people on snowboards in the snow.
0	Two guys are snowboarding on a snowy slop.
1	two guys are snowboarding beside a snowy slop.
0	Two snowboarders standing on top of snow in forrest.
1	two snowboarders standing beside top of snow in forrest.
0	The snowboarder is talking to his friend in the snow.
1	the snowboarder is talking to his friend upon the snow.
0	A set of four pastry sitting on top of a table.
1	a set of four pastry sitting in top of a table.
0	THERE ARE A LOT OF DOUGHNUTS ON THE TABLE
1	there are a lot of doughnuts with the table
0	This photo has four different Sweetreats in it.
1	this photo has four different sweetreats upon it.
0	A mixture of pastries laying on wax paper.
1	a mixture of pastries laying beside wax paper.
1	this photo has four like sweetreats in it.
0	A bakery shop with doughnuts on a rack beside tables.
1	a bakery shop with doughnuts beside a rack beside tables.
0	A pastry rack, a glass display of pasties and a shelf of cookie jar on a shelf above in a bakery.
1	a pastry rack, a glass display of pasties and a shelf of cookie jar on a shelf above upon a bakery.
0	A restaurant filled with lots of different types of food.
1	a restaurant filled with lots of like types of food.
0	a line that has a bunch of doughnuts on it
1	a line that has a bunch of doughnuts with it
0	A couple of people riding wind sails on the ocean.
1	a couple of people riding wind sails behind the ocean.
0	Several windsurfers are riding the waves in the ocean.
1	several windsurfers are riding the waves over the ocean.
0	a group of paper back books on a bed with a blue comforter.
1	a group of paper back books behind a bed with a blue comforter.
0	Several stacks of  different types of books on a bed.
1	several stacks of different types of books behind a bed.
0	A number of books laying on a bed.
1	a number of books laying beside a bed.
1	several stacks of like types of books on a bed.
0	A man and woman holding a knife together cutting a cake that sits on a table.
1	a man and woman holding a knife together cutting a cake that sits in a table.
0	A very happy older couple cutting a cake together.
1	a very angry older couple cutting a cake together.
0	A man kicking a soccer ball across a green field.
1	a man kicking a soccer ball beside a green field.
0	A soccer match on a field with a male soccer player in stride with a soccer ball in front of him and a full stadium of people watching.
1	a soccer match upon a field with a male soccer player in stride with a soccer ball in front of him and a full stadium of people watching.
0	A professional soccer player dribbling a ball on a grass surface.
1	a professional soccer player dribbling a ball in a grass surface.
0	A woman is lying beside her child on the ground.
1	a woman is lying beside her child beside the ground.
0	a woman is lying down with her head on a pillow
1	a woman is lying down with her head in a pillow
0	A woman lays on her side, as she wears beautiful, colorful clothing.
1	a woman lays in her side, as she wears beautiful, colorful clothing.
0	An old woman lying down being attended to by a child in India
1	an old woman lying down being attended to by a child upon india
1	a woman lays on her side, as she wears ugly, colorful clothing.
0	A clean room with a bed and baby bunk in it.
1	a clean room with a bed and baby bunk over it.
0	A domestic cat lounges on a quilt covering a bed.
1	a domestic cat lounges over a quilt covering a bed.
0	A brown and white cat laying on a bed.
1	a brown and white cat laying beside a bed.
0	Cat lounging on an iron bed next to a quilt
1	cat lounging beside an iron bed next to a quilt
0	A slice of pizza covered in olives on top of a pizza pan.
1	a slice of pizza covered upon olives on top of a pizza pan.
0	One of the toppings on the pizza is black olives.
1	one of the toppings over the pizza is black olives.
0	There is one slice of pizza left on the pan.
1	there is one slice of pizza left behind the pan.
0	A tennis player is hitting at a high ball.
1	a tennis player is hitting over a high ball.
0	Two women playing a game of tennis on a court.
1	two women playing a game of tennis behind a court.
0	A dog is sitting in a living room on an ottoman.
1	a dog is sitting beside a living room on an ottoman.
0	A desktop computer sitting next to a laptop computer on a  desk.
1	a desktop computer sitting next to a laptop computer upon a desk.
0	A computer on a table along with a laptop and a camera.
1	a computer upon a table along with a laptop and a camera.
0	A long table covered and used as a desk
1	a short table covered and used as a desk
0	A desktop computer sitting on a desk next to big speakers.
1	a desktop computer sitting behind a desk next to big speakers.
0	A black stereo speaker near a computer monitor and mouse.
1	a black stereo speaker across a computer monitor and mouse.
0	We are looking past a speaker at a monitor.
1	we are looking past a speaker beside a monitor.
0	a man that is typing on his keyboard eating pizza
1	a man that is typing with his keyboard eating pizza
0	a person sitting at a desk with a keyboard and a mouse
1	a person sitting beside a desk with a keyboard and a mouse
0	The man is eating a piece of pizza while working on the computer.
1	the man is eating a piece of pizza while working upon the computer.
0	Young man eating some food in front of a computer.
1	young man eating some food under front of a computer.
0	The young man is eating pizza as he uses the computer.
1	the happy man is eating pizza as he uses the computer.
1	happy man eating some food in front of a computer.
0	A woman and some kids sitting on a couch.
1	a woman and some kids sitting with a couch.
0	there is a woman and two small children together on a couch
1	there is a woman and two small children together beside a couch
0	An older woman and two young children sitting on a couch.
1	an older woman and two young children sitting with a couch.
0	A lady and two young girls are smiling for the camera.
1	a lady and two happy girls are smiling for the camera.
1	an older woman and two happy children sitting on a couch.
0	A house full of unmatched furniture; people are coming in through the door.
1	a house full of unmatched furniture; people are coming at through the door.
0	there is a man standing on a beach flying a kite
1	there is a man standing in a beach flying a kite
0	A man who is flying a kite on a beach.
1	a man who is flying a kite over a beach.
0	A man standing on the beach flying a large kite,
1	a man standing behind the beach flying a large kite,
0	The person stands on the beach flying a kite at sunset.
1	the person stands upon the beach flying a kite at sunset.
0	A person flies a kite as the sun sets in the distance.
1	a person flies a kite as the sun sets upon the distance.
0	A person flying a kite on a busy city street
1	a person flying a kite behind a busy city street
0	People walking down a street on a cold day
1	people walking down a street in a cold day
0	A group of people walking down a street under a flying kite.
1	a group of people walking down a street below a flying kite.
0	A man flying a kite on the beach.
1	a man flying a kite with the beach.
0	An older man watches a kite fly from across a body of water.
1	an older man watches a kite fly from beside a body of water.
0	A man that is standing in the sand flying a kite.
1	a man that is standing under the sand flying a kite.
0	An old man flying a kite high up in the air.
1	an old man flying a kite high up beside the air.
0	The view of a college baseball game through a protective screen.
1	the view of a college baseball game outside a protective screen.
0	a number of baseball players on a field
1	a number of baseball players over a field
0	A baseball player with a bat at home plate.
1	a baseball player with a bat behind home plate.
0	a group of people on a baseball field playing a game of baseball
1	a group of people behind a baseball field playing a game of baseball
0	A man on a tennis court holding a tennis racket in a active pose.
1	a man upon a tennis court holding a tennis racket in a active pose.
0	A man holding a tennis racket on a court
1	a man holding a tennis racket behind a court
0	Tennis player mid play on a clay enclosed court
1	tennis player mid play in a clay enclosed court
0	A young man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	A young woman dressed in black eating a piece of pizza.
1	a young woman dressed upon black eating a piece of pizza.
1	a happy woman dressed in black eating a piece of pizza.
0	Looking up at the steel struts in the ceiling of a train station
1	looking up across the steel struts in the ceiling of a train station
0	The clock has a focal point within the aesthetic architecture of the terminal.
1	the clock has a focal point underneath the aesthetic architecture of the terminal.
0	a large clock is hanging up on a wall
1	a large clock is hanging up in a wall
0	a big building with a clock on the side of it
1	a big building with a clock behind the side of it
0	A pile of junk sitting next to a curb on green grass.
1	a pile of junk sitting next to a curb in green grass.
0	A pile of garbage sitting on the curb in front of a wall.
1	a pile of garbage sitting in the curb in front of a wall.
0	A pile of discarded household appliances and furniture sit on a street corner.
1	a pile of discarded household appliances and furniture sit behind a street corner.
0	The blending machine is on a cluttered counter without the mixing pitcher.
1	the blending machine is with a cluttered counter without the mixing pitcher.
0	A collection of cooking ingredients and items placed near each other.
1	a collection of cooking ingredients and items placed below each other.
0	A the bottom part of a blender on a counter next to papers.
1	a the bottom part of a blender with a counter next to papers.
0	A group of people milling about inside a large space in the winter.
1	a group of people milling about around` a large space in the winter.
0	A group of people walking across an airport.
1	a group of people walking beside an airport.
0	a large crowd of people walking through town near a large clock display with a christmas tree in the background
1	a large crowd of people walking up town near a large clock display with a christmas tree in the background
0	A clock tower and a large Christmas tree in the center of a plaza.
1	a clock tower and a large christmas tree over the center of a plaza.
0	Series of light decorations at a city center with a tree and a clock tower.
1	series of light decorations over a city center with a tree and a clock tower.
0	A room with an antique dall and doll dresses on top of it.
1	a room with an antique dall and doll dresses beside top of it.
0	Dolls and doll clothes on display on a shelf alongside miniature furnishings and trunks.
1	dolls and doll clothes upon display on a shelf alongside miniature furnishings and trunks.
0	A clock tower by street next to cars at night.
1	a clock tower by street next to cars across night.
0	A clock tower that is sitting in the middle of the street.
1	a clock tower that is sitting beside the middle of the street.
0	A clock that is sitting on the side of a tower.
1	a clock that is sitting with the side of a tower.
0	A large tower with a clock on it sitting near a road.
1	a large tower with a clock on it sitting over a road.
0	A green plant with hanging branches on a wall.
1	a green plant with hanging branches over a wall.
0	A plant hanging from a rack on a white wall.
1	a plant hanging from a rack behind a white wall.
0	A green leafy type plant is located on a wall.
1	a green leafy type plant is located beside a wall.
0	A plant is in a vase of water mounted to the wall.
1	a plant is beside a vase of water mounted to the wall.
0	A group of people stare up at something out of the frame.
1	a group of people stare up across something out of the frame.
0	a small child is getting their hair dried at the salon.
1	a small child is getting their hair dried behind the salon.
0	Small child getting her hair dried with a man standing behind her.
1	small child getting her hair dried with a man standing below her.
0	A woman is air drying a young child's hair.
1	a woman is air drying a happy child's hair.
0	Black and white cat sitting on a man's head in front of a storefront.
1	black and white cat sitting over a man's head in front of a storefront.
0	A cat is sitting on top of a man's head.
1	a cat is sitting upon top of a man's head.
0	A cat is sitting on top of a man's hat.
1	a cat is sitting beside top of a man's hat.
0	The cat is sitting on top of a man's head.
1	the cat is sitting upon top of a man's head.
0	A man and woman talk to two men in front of an airplane.
1	a man and woman talk to two men upon front of an airplane.
0	Two women greet two pilots in front of a plane.
1	two women greet two pilots upon front of a plane.
0	Two men in uniform talking to two people near airplanes.
1	two men in uniform talking to two people across airplanes.
0	Two men in military uniform talking to some women.
1	two men beside military uniform talking to some women.
0	A wooden table sitting under a picture with wooden chairs.
1	a wooden table sitting across a picture with wooden chairs.
0	There is two laptops on the table and bag on one of the chairs.
1	there is two laptops over the table and bag on one of the chairs.
0	The shelves above the cabinet have porcelain dishes on them.
1	the shelves above the cabinet have porcelain dishes in them.
0	Several shelves that have some glassware on them.
1	several shelves that have some glassware beside them.
0	A counter and a table in a room.
1	a counter and a table over a room.
0	The contemporary kitchen is full of all the modern appliances.
1	the contemporary kitchen is full of all the ancient appliances.
0	Two women in a small kitchen near a microwave oven.
1	two women in a small kitchen across a microwave oven.
0	two woman in a small kitchen with white walls
1	two woman upon a small kitchen with white walls
0	A pair of women stand together in a small kitchen.
1	a pair of women stand together under a small kitchen.
0	A woman is standing in the kitchen with another woman.
1	a woman is standing at the kitchen with another woman.
0	A bathroom with a white toilet sitting under a window.
1	a bathroom with a white toilet sitting behind a window.
0	A bathroom that has a toilet in it.
1	a bathroom that has a toilet upon it.
0	A small bathroom has a very tiny shower.
1	a small bathroom has a very huge shower.
0	A tiny white toilet in a small bathroom
1	a tiny white toilet over a small bathroom
0	A bathroom with a designed floor and toilet in the middle of the wall.
1	a bathroom with a designed floor and toilet at the middle of the wall.
1	a huge white toilet in a small bathroom
0	Bicycles parked on the pavement outside of bricked building.
1	bicycles parked behind the pavement outside of bricked building.
0	An old man is walking with his bike in hand
1	an old man is walking with his bike under hand
0	An elderly man pushing a bicycle near a red truck.
1	an elderly man pushing a bicycle upon a red truck.
0	A white toilet and some tools in a room.
1	a white toilet and some tools over a room.
0	A bathroom area with toilet and tools on it.
1	a bathroom area with toilet and tools over it.
0	The tile behind the toilet has been taken off.
1	the tile near the toilet has been taken off.
0	a red pole in a white and dirty bathroom
1	a red pole beside a white and dirty bathroom
1	a red pole in a white and cheap bathroom
0	a sign on the road and many vehicles in a park
1	a sign on the road and many vehicles under a park
0	A picture of a street on a busy city street.
1	a picture of a street over a busy city street.
0	A green traffic light sits near a parking lot and a white building.
1	a green traffic light sits across a parking lot and a white building.
0	This toilet bowl is placed directly at the edge of the bathroom.
1	this toilet bowl is placed directly across the edge of the bathroom.
0	A white toilet sitting in the corner of a small bathroom.
1	a white toilet sitting beside the corner of a small bathroom.
0	Two people sitting on a motorcycle that parked on the road.
1	two people sitting beside a motorcycle that parked on the road.
0	A native American couple on a bike pose for a photo.
1	a native american couple with a bike pose for a photo.
0	Installing a vessel sink in a clean tiled bathroom.
1	installing a vessel sink over a clean tiled bathroom.
0	A modern white bathroom with visible plumbing under the sink.
1	a modern white bathroom on visible plumbing under the sink.
1	a ancient white bathroom with visible plumbing under the sink.
0	A small bathroom on an airplane with handles on either side.
1	a small bathroom on an airplane on handles on either side.
0	A man looks at the camera as he stands by a black motorcycle.
1	a man looks upon the camera as he stands by a black motorcycle.
0	A man standing beside a parked motorcycle in the woods.
1	a man standing beside a parked motorcycle under the woods.
0	a window looking out over snow covered mountains.
1	a window looking out near snow covered mountains.
0	view of a snow capped mountain from in a plane
1	view of a snow capped mountain from at a plane
0	A group of giraffes standing in front of people taking pictures.
1	a group of giraffes standing upon front of people taking pictures.
0	Two giraffes being photographed by tourists at a zoo.
1	two giraffes being photographed by tourists beside a zoo.
0	Two giraffes are stretching their necks towards the people on the bridge.
1	two giraffes are stretching their necks towards the people with the bridge.
0	two giraffes standing near a bunch of people with cameras
1	two giraffes standing across a bunch of people with cameras
0	A giraffe stands alone outdoors at the zoo.
1	a giraffe stands alone outdoors behind the zoo.
0	A closeup of a giraffe's head in front of a hilly forest.
1	a closeup of a giraffe's head at front of a hilly forest.
0	a giraffe's head at a zoo with a mountain in the background
1	a giraffe's head beside a zoo with a mountain in the background
0	A group of giraffes roam free on a plain with tall brown grass and green bushes.
1	a group of giraffes roam free on a plain on tall brown grass and green bushes.
0	Three giraffes walking outside in tall grasses and brush.
1	three giraffes walking outside at tall grasses and brush.
0	A large long bus on a city street.
1	a large long bus over a city street.
0	Double-decker buses sit at the curb in front of an old building.
1	double-decker buses sit beside the curb in front of an old building.
0	Double-Decker buses line up at a bus stop.
1	double-decker buses line up over a bus stop.
1	a large short bus on a city street.
0	A red and yellow bus sits on the back of a flatbed truck, driving down the highway.
1	a red and yellow bus sits over the back of a flatbed truck, driving down the highway.
0	Buses on the back of transport trucks on the highway
1	buses on the back of transport trucks in the highway
0	A red bus on a trailer on the road.
1	a red bus on a trailer upon the road.
0	a red and  black bus being towed in by a flatbed
1	a red and black bus being towed at by a flatbed
0	a woman is out in a field with sheep
1	a woman is out at a field with sheep
0	A person wearing a black jacket looking at sheep on an hill.
1	a person wearing a black jacket looking at sheep beside an hill.
0	A woman is looking at sheep off in a field
1	a woman is looking behind sheep off in a field
0	a woman watching sheep grazing in a green field
1	a woman watching sheep grazing under a green field
0	A bus with a Presto advertisement sits at a bus stop
1	a bus on a presto advertisement sits at a bus stop
0	A bus is parked in the middle of the empty lot.
1	a bus is parked upon the middle of the empty lot.
0	A girl looking at some giraffes in an enclosure.
1	a girl looking across some giraffes in an enclosure.
0	A young lady hanging on a pole near two tall giraffes.
1	a young lady hanging beside a pole near two tall giraffes.
0	Two brown and white giraffes near a girl in a light blue top
1	two brown and white giraffes in a girl in a light blue top
1	a happy lady hanging on a pole near two tall giraffes.
0	A large gray elephant standing on top of a field.
1	a large gray elephant standing with top of a field.
0	Closeup of a mature elephant in a shady park enclosure.
1	closeup of a mature elephant beside a shady park enclosure.
0	this is a close up picture of a elephants face
1	this is a close atop picture of a elephants face
0	One of an elephant's tusks is partially broken off.
1	one of an elephant's tusks is altogether broken off.
0	a crowd of people at an outdoor shopping center in asia
1	a crowd of people across an outdoor shopping center in asia
0	A busy city street in an oriental town with many men and women walking.
1	a busy city street in an oriental town on many men and women walking.
1	a crowd of people at an indoor shopping center in asia
0	A yellow street sign on the side of the road that is blank.
1	a yellow street sign with the side of the road that is blank.
0	This is a picture of a sign in a desert.
1	this is a picture of a sign beside a desert.
0	a yellow street sign standing in the middle of nowhere
1	a yellow street sign standing upon the middle of nowhere
0	A street sign that reads Bush on the side of a pole.
1	a street sign that reads bush in the side of a pole.
0	The signs feature the name of two different presidents.
1	the signs feature the name of two like presidents.
0	a couple of birds that are on a branch
1	a couple of birds that are in a branch
0	A bird standing on a tree branch by itself.
1	a bird standing upon a tree branch by itself.
0	There is a tiny bird on the branch.
1	there is a huge bird on the branch.
0	Two birds sitting a cage perched on top of a branch.
1	two birds sitting a cage perched upon top of a branch.
0	A multi colored bird sitting next to another bird on a branch.
1	a multi colored bird sitting next to another bird over a branch.
0	A pair of colorful parrots perched on a branch.
1	a pair of colorful parrots perched beside a branch.
0	A close up of a tropical bird perched on a twig.
1	a close up of a tropical bird perched over a twig.
0	Red, green, and white parrot sitting on a tree branch.
1	red, green, and white parrot sitting in a tree branch.
0	A cat with a small hat glares at the camera
1	a cat with a small hat glares beside the camera
0	a close up of a hat wearing a small hat
1	a close atop of a hat wearing a small hat
0	A cat wears a tiny top hat with a blanket covering his lower body.
1	a cat wears a huge top hat with a blanket covering his lower body.
0	Tan and white wading bird standing in shallow water, perhaps a swamp.
1	tan and white wading bird standing upon shallow water, perhaps a swamp.
0	The baseball player is prominent in all the featured pictures.
1	the baseball player is prominent at all the featured pictures.
0	A team's players are beign showcased on a flyer.
1	a team's players are beign showcased over a flyer.
0	A baseball player pitching a ball on top of a field.
1	a baseball player pitching a ball behind top of a field.
0	The lamp post on the corner of the street is lit up.
1	the lamp post behind the corner of the street is lit up.
0	Picture of a street lamp at the corner of Recollets and Sainte-Helene.
1	picture of a street lamp beside the corner of recollets and sainte-helene.
0	A Michael Jackson birthday set is shown in gems
1	a michael jackson birthday set is shown at gems
0	The birthday hat has a sparkling glove on it.
1	the birthday hat has a sparkling glove upon it.
0	a model train set on a table with farm scene next to it
1	a model train set over a table with farm scene next to it
0	There is a toy train in a miniature train set.
1	there is a toy train over a miniature train set.
0	Train on tracks inside of a brick station.
1	train on tracks around` of a brick station.
0	a train that is on and near a bunch of tracks
1	a train that is in and near a bunch of tracks
0	A stop sigh on a post with two buses in the background.
1	a stop sigh on a post with two buses at the background.
0	A stop sign on post with a building in the background.
1	a stop sign upon post with a building in the background.
0	A stop sign sitting on top of a metal column.
1	a stop sign sitting in top of a metal column.
0	a street sign with buildings in the background
1	a street sign with buildings over the background
0	Some cows are hanging out on the beach.
1	some cows are hanging out upon the beach.
0	A group of birds on the shore of a beach.
1	a group of birds over the shore of a beach.
0	A group of cows have shadows on the grass.
1	a group of cows have shadows behind the grass.
0	A group of cows walks on the grass of a field.
1	a group of cows walks beside the grass of a field.
0	A herd of cattle are standing on grass in a field.
1	a herd of cattle are standing upon grass in a field.
0	There is a group of cows in the field.
1	there is a group of cows beside the field.
0	A brown and white cow standing in the middle of a gravel path.
1	a brown and white cow standing under the middle of a gravel path.
0	A brown and white cow standing on a green hillside.
1	a brown and white cow standing with a green hillside.
0	some brown black and white cows on a trail and a grassy hill
1	some brown black and white cows upon a trail and a grassy hill
0	A cow grooms itself on a dirt path
1	a cow grooms itself over a dirt path
0	A brown cow standing in a lush green field.
1	a brown cow standing upon a lush green field.
0	A cow in a field looking behind itself.
1	a cow upon a field looking behind itself.
0	A cow stands in a green meadow with flowers and a stone house.
1	a cow stands over a green meadow with flowers and a stone house.
0	A man in a gray suit and jacket in a white striped shirt.
1	a man in a gray suit and jacket beside a white striped shirt.
0	Close up of a tie on the neck of a man in a suit
1	close up of a tie on the neck of a man beside a suit
0	a guy in a suit with a badge, taking a selfie.
1	a guy in a suit on a badge, taking a selfie.
0	a man in a suite takes a picture with a cell phone
1	a man beside a suite takes a picture with a cell phone
0	A man in a business suit taking a selfie in a mirror.
1	a man at a business suit taking a selfie in a mirror.
0	A dark picture shows a man in a suit and tie with a device around his neck and a second in his hand.
1	a dark picture shows a man upon a suit and tie with a device around his neck and a second in his hand.
0	A man holding a camera and a very long neck tie.
1	a man holding a camera and a very short neck tie.
0	Some men find a ship wreaked on the beach.
1	some men find a ship wreaked upon the beach.
0	People are standing near a boat sitting on the sand.
1	people are standing near a boat sitting in the sand.
0	A boat beached on the beach being worked on by a group of men.
1	a boat beached on the beach being worked in by a group of men.
0	Three men stand next to an old boat on the beach.
1	three men stand next to an old boat in the beach.
0	Few men standing by a boat that is sitting on the sand.
1	few men standing by a boat that is sitting over the sand.
0	There are some elephants standing in an enclosure
1	there are some elephants standing over an enclosure
0	two elephants in captivity with trees in the background
1	two elephants in captivity with trees upon the background
0	A small young elephant stands under its mother.
1	a small young elephant stands beside its mother.
1	a small happy elephant stands under its mother.
0	A pile of surfboards and kayaks sitting on a storage lot.
1	a pile of surfboards and kayaks sitting beside a storage lot.
0	A variety of water sport equipment on a beach.
1	a variety of water sport equipment in a beach.
0	There are many sailboards and rafts at the beach.
1	there are many sailboards and rafts over the beach.
0	A sandy beach covered in umbrellas near the ocean.
1	a sandy beach covered in umbrellas upon the ocean.
0	a number of open umbrellas on a beach
1	a number of open umbrellas behind a beach
0	The beach has six open umbrellas on poles.
1	the beach has six open umbrellas beside poles.
0	A woman riding on a bus next to a pile of luggage.
1	a woman riding in a bus next to a pile of luggage.
0	A person with luggage on a subway or train
1	a person with luggage behind a subway or train
0	People have left their luggage and other belongs unattended on the train.
1	people have left their luggage and other belongs unattended over the train.
0	A family riding on the back of an elephant across a field.
1	a family riding behind the back of an elephant across a field.
0	A group of people are riding on an elephant
1	a group of people are riding with an elephant
0	Two men are seated on the back of an elephant behind the mahout.
1	two men are seated on the back of an elephant in the mahout.
0	People ride on top of an elephant next to dirt mountains.
1	people ride over top of an elephant next to dirt mountains.
0	A woman in a dress is standing on a gravel road holding a suitcase.
1	a woman at a dress is standing on a gravel road holding a suitcase.
0	A woman in a dress holding a suit case on a secluded road.
1	a woman in a dress holding a suit case behind a secluded road.
0	A woman holding a suitcase on a dirt road.
1	a woman holding a suitcase beside a dirt road.
0	A woman standing on a dirt road with a piece of luggage.
1	a woman standing over a dirt road with a piece of luggage.
0	a bear that is looking in a car window
1	a bear that is looking beside a car window
0	A man and a woman sanding on a dirt road while holding an umbrella.
1	a man and a woman sanding beside a dirt road while holding an umbrella.
0	Two pictures of a couple in a dirt road.
1	two pictures of a couple upon a dirt road.
0	A man in a black suit and a woman in a black dress with a coat stand under an umbrella holding signs.
1	a man upon a black suit and a woman in a black dress with a coat stand under an umbrella holding signs.
0	A line of books on a book shelf with a plastic bear in front of them.
1	a line of books beside a book shelf with a plastic bear in front of them.
0	Books on a shelf with a orange rainbow bright bear.
1	books in a shelf with a orange rainbow bright bear.
0	A brown bear swimming in a body of water.
1	a brown bear swimming under a body of water.
0	A bear sits in water with sunlight shining on him.
1	a bear sits in water with sunlight shining upon him.
0	there is a brown bear that is in the water with his tongue out
1	there is a brown bear that is under the water with his tongue out
0	A polar bear walking over rocks in its enclosure
1	a polar bear walking over rocks under its enclosure
0	A large polar bear sitting on a boulder in a zoo enclosure.
1	a large polar bear sitting on a boulder beside a zoo enclosure.
0	a polar bear stands on some rocks
1	a polar bear stands with some rocks
0	A polar bear standing on some rocks in a zoo exhibit.
1	a polar bear standing in some rocks in a zoo exhibit.
0	A polar bear that is standing on top of some rocks.
1	a polar bear that is standing with top of some rocks.
0	A frisbee is seen flying by a tree in this park.
1	a frisbee is seen flying by a tree beside this park.
0	A red frisbee stuck in a tree at a park.
1	a red frisbee stuck in a tree beside a park.
0	A Frisbee is in the air near a person and a tree.
1	a frisbee is in the air over a person and a tree.
0	THERE IS A ZEBRA THAT IS EATING GRASS IN THE YARD
1	there is a zebra that is eating grass upon the yard
0	A zebra in a field with his head down, a fence is in the background
1	a zebra under a field with his head down, a fence is in the background
0	A zebra grazing in a fenced in area and eating grass.
1	a zebra grazing in a fenced under area and eating grass.
0	A zebra is grazing grass by itself on a sunny day.
1	a zebra is grazing grass on itself on a sunny day.
0	A zebra stands alone in the grass in an artificial habitat.
1	a zebra stands alone in the grass beside an artificial habitat.
0	This photo depicts a brown and white dog in the sand.
1	this photo depicts a brown and white dog over the sand.
0	A dog with a harness is playing in sand.
1	a dog on a harness is playing in sand.
0	a pitbull dog running awkwardly on the sandy beach
1	a pitbull dog running awkwardly in the sandy beach
0	Man in black shirt and white pants standing on grass.
1	man in black shirt and white pants standing with grass.
0	A bearded man playing Frisbee in a small park
1	a bearded man playing frisbee upon a small park
0	A man with a frisbee crouches down on a lawn in front of a fence.
1	a man with a frisbee crouches down over a lawn in front of a fence.
0	He is bent over an orange item in the yard.
1	he is bent over an orange item at the yard.
0	Several horses on a beach near a tent with the ocean in the background.
1	several horses with a beach near a tent with the ocean in the background.
0	A small group of horses are standing on the beach.
1	a small group of horses are standing beside the beach.
0	Several horses and a tent are on the beach.
1	several horses and a tent are upon the beach.
0	Two horses are walking a carriage through the streets.
1	two horses are walking a carriage up the streets.
0	Two people riding on horses at the beach
1	two people riding on horses upon the beach
0	Two men on horses riding on the beach.
1	two men in horses riding on the beach.
0	Two people riding two horses on the beach.
1	two people riding two horses beside the beach.
0	two men riding some horses on  the beach
1	two men riding some horses in the beach
0	A young woman sits on a horse on a dirt road.
1	a young woman sits upon a horse on a dirt road.
0	A young girl is riding a horse in a vacant field.
1	a young girl is riding a horse beside a vacant field.
0	A woman sitting on a horse being assisted by a man.
1	a woman sitting beside a horse being assisted by a man.
1	a happy woman sits on a horse on a dirt road.
1	a happy girl is riding a horse in a vacant field.
0	A  man in a hat riding a horse
1	a man under a hat riding a horse
0	A crowd of people gathered around a woman on a horse.
1	a crowd of people gathered around a woman beside a horse.
0	A woman riding on the back of a brown horse.
1	a woman riding behind the back of a brown horse.
0	A group of baseball player standing on top of a field.
1	a group of baseball player standing beside top of a field.
0	A group of athletes are performing in a sport field.
1	a group of athletes are performing over a sport field.
0	Young men playing a game of base ball
0	A young baseball team playing a game on the field.
1	happy men playing a game of base ball
1	a happy baseball team playing a game on the field.
0	A young man kneeling on top of a lush green field.
1	a young man kneeling beside top of a lush green field.
0	A young child waits for a baseball to be thrown in an empty field.
1	a young child waits for a baseball to be thrown at an empty field.
0	A boy in a baseball field wearing a black and white uniform.
1	a boy at a baseball field wearing a black and white uniform.
0	A little boy in the grass with a glove.
1	a little boy beside the grass with a glove.
0	a little boy standing down in a grassy field with a glove
1	a little boy standing down upon a grassy field with a glove
1	a happy man kneeling on top of a lush green field.
1	a happy child waits for a baseball to be thrown in an empty field.
0	Plates and bowls of food on a wooden table.
1	plates and bowls of food with a wooden table.
0	bowls filled with different foods next to a plate of broccoli.
1	bowls filled with like foods next to a plate of broccoli.
0	Meal of egg "salad", apple, yogurt parfait, and lemonade on a narrow countertop.
1	meal of egg "salad", apple, yogurt parfait, and lemonade with a narrow countertop.
0	A cup of fruit and salad on a table.
1	a cup of fruit and salad over a table.
0	A table has a bowl, bottle, apple, and cup of fruit on it.
1	a table has a bowl, bottle, apple, and cup of fruit upon it.
1	meal of egg "salad", apple, yogurt parfait, and lemonade on a dirty countertop.
0	Plate of oatmeal next to two apples on a pink napkin.
1	plate of oatmeal next to two apples beside a pink napkin.
0	A sandwich in a paper container on top of a wooden table.
1	a sandwich in a paper container over top of a wooden table.
0	McDonald's fast food on a table and a bottle of wine
1	mcdonald's fast food with a table and a bottle of wine
0	A meal of a salad, sandwich and fries is on the table.
1	a meal of a salad, sandwich and fries is upon the table.
0	There are three toothbrushes and two bottle of soap on this sink.
1	there are three toothbrushes and two bottle of soap behind this sink.
0	The large crowd watches a skateboarder descend a rail on a stair case.
1	the large crowd watches a skateboarder descend a rail upon a stair case.
0	A skateboarder flips his skateboard while others look on.
1	a skateboarder flips his skateboard while others look with.
0	A skateboarder grinds a rail in front of an audience.
1	a skateboarder grinds a rail upon front of an audience.
0	there re many people watching a man on a skateboard
1	there re many people watching a man with a skateboard
0	A skateboarder grinds down a rail in front of an audience.
1	a skateboarder grinds down a rail under front of an audience.
0	Crowd watches while guy slides down railing on skateboard
1	crowd watches while guy slides down railing beside skateboard
0	A young man performing a jump on a railing with a crowd looking on.
1	a young man performing a jump on a railing with a crowd looking in.
0	The young man is practicing his moves on his skateboard.
1	the young man is practicing his moves over his skateboard.
1	a happy man performing a jump on a railing with a crowd looking on.
1	the happy man is practicing his moves on his skateboard.
0	A person skiing downhill on a snow covered slope with trees on the trail.
1	a person skiing downhill on a snow covered slope with trees with the trail.
0	A man is eating a plate of food at a restaurant.
1	a man is eating a plate of food upon a restaurant.
0	A man sitting at a table in front of a plate of food.
1	a man sitting at a table over front of a plate of food.
0	A man with glasses sitting at a restaurant with a fork in his hand.
1	a man with glasses sitting at a restaurant with a fork at his hand.
0	The man in the brown shirt is eating his breakfast.
1	the man at the brown shirt is eating his breakfast.
0	A huge hamburger with lettuce and tomato on a round plate.
1	a huge hamburger with lettuce and tomato beside a round plate.
1	a tiny hamburger with lettuce and tomato on a round plate.
0	Man in baseball cap making pastries in public cooking area.
1	man over baseball cap making pastries in public cooking area.
0	A man that is leaning over a tray of doughnuts.
1	a man that is leaning at a tray of doughnuts.
0	A woman sitting at a small wooden table with two yellow chairs.
1	a woman sitting beside a small wooden table with two yellow chairs.
0	a person sitting at a table with a plate of doughnuts
1	a person sitting across a table with a plate of doughnuts
0	A pizza with several types of vegetables on a white plate.
1	a pizza on several types of vegetables on a white plate.
0	A pizza with spinach and olives sits on a plate.
1	a pizza with spinach and olives sits behind a plate.
0	A small pizza sits on a plate next to a fork.
1	a small pizza sits in a plate next to a fork.
0	A large uncut pizza with cheese, tomatoes, and spinach.
1	a large trimmed pizza with cheese, tomatoes, and spinach.
0	A person that is blowing out some candles in a cake.
1	a person that is blowing out some candles upon a cake.
0	A little boy looking over a cake on a table.
1	a little boy looking over a cake upon a table.
0	A child is blowing out candles on a cake.
1	a child is blowing out candles in a cake.
0	A young man riding a wave on a surfboard.
1	a young man riding a wave in a surfboard.
0	A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the water.
1	a man riding a wave beside a surfboard in the water.
0	A person in shorts riding a surfboard on some waves
1	a person in shorts riding a surfboard upon some waves
0	A person riding a surfboard on a big wave.
1	a person riding a surfboard in a big wave.
0	A male surfer riding a wave at a surf park.
1	a male surfer riding a wave across a surf park.
1	a happy man riding a wave on a surfboard.
0	a number of colorful decorative cakes on display
1	a number of colorful decorative cakes upon display
0	Collection of various ornaments shaped like cakes on a shelf.
1	collection of various ornaments shaped like cakes over a shelf.
0	A series of photos showing different cakes and glasses.
0	A display of several different kinds of cakes.
1	a series of photos showing like cakes and glasses.
1	a display of several like kinds of cakes.
0	A cake is sitting in the grass in front of white flowers.
1	a cake is sitting at the grass in front of white flowers.
0	A cake laying on the ground near flowers.
1	a cake laying over the ground near flowers.
0	Three people and two surfboards on the beach
1	three people and two surfboards over the beach
0	A woman and two men on the beach with surfboards.
1	a woman and two men in the beach with surfboards.
0	Three people on a beach examine a yellow surfboard.
1	three people upon a beach examine a yellow surfboard.
0	Three people sitting beside a surfboard on the beach.
1	three people sitting behind a surfboard on the beach.
0	Three surfers sit on the beach, and tend to a board.
1	three surfers sit upon the beach, and tend to a board.
0	The man rides in the wave, beautifully balanced on his surfboard.
1	the man rides in the wave, beautifully balanced with his surfboard.
0	A surf boarder rides his board in the ocean.
1	a surf boarder rides his board beside the ocean.
0	A surfer wearing a black and blue wet suit surfing in the ocean.
1	a surfer wearing a black and blue wet suit surfing under the ocean.
0	a man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
1	a man riding a wave behind top of a surfboard.
0	A surfer prepares for a wave in the middle of the ocean.
1	a surfer prepares for a wave under the middle of the ocean.
0	A person standing on a surfboard in the ocean.
1	a person standing on a surfboard beside the ocean.
0	A man on a surfboard surfing in rough waves.
1	a man on a surfboard surfing under rough waves.
0	The old man surfing on the rough seas isn't the least bit afraid
1	the old man surfing beside the rough seas isn't the least bit afraid
0	A room with a bed with black floral sheets and a night stand.
1	a room on a bed with black floral sheets and a night stand.
0	A bed is on the floor with a blue floral comforter and a night stand with a lamp.
1	a bed is on the floor on a blue floral comforter and a night stand with a lamp.
0	two people riding surf boards on a wave
1	two people riding surf boards in a wave
0	Two people using surfboards on a large wave
1	two people using surfboards over a large wave
0	There are two people surfing on the water.
1	there are two people surfing in the water.
0	Two people surfing a beautiful sky blue wave.
1	two people surfing a ugly sky blue wave.
0	a half eaten pizza is sitting on a plate
1	a half eaten pizza is sitting behind a plate
0	A little girl sitting in front of a white plate with pizza.
1	a little girl sitting in front of a white plate on pizza.
0	a child at a table with a plate of pizza
1	a child behind a table with a plate of pizza
0	The little girl is busy eating her pizza at the table.
1	the little girl is busy eating her pizza beside the table.
0	Girl holding up two fingers while sitting in front of plate with pizza slide on it
1	girl holding up two fingers while sitting in front of plate with pizza slide over it
0	A small desk is in the corner with a laptop.
1	a small desk is at the corner with a laptop.
0	the work table with a laptop on it in a room
1	the work table with a laptop over it in a room
0	A table with a computer and a lamp is in the corner with a leather chair in front of it and a television on a stand is to the side.
1	a table with a computer and a lamp is in the corner with a leather chair in front of it and a television behind a stand is to the side.
0	A leather computer chair with a laptop and phone on the desk.
1	a leather computer chair with a laptop and phone over the desk.
0	A TV on top of a wooden dresser next to a desk.
1	a tv upon top of a wooden dresser next to a desk.
0	A hotel room with a desk and TV on a furniture
1	a hotel room with a desk and tv over a furniture
0	A lamp is on in a hotel room office area.
1	a lamp is on under a hotel room office area.
0	Different types of pizza are being sold behind the counter of this pizza restaurant.
1	different types of pizza are being sold in the counter of this pizza restaurant.
0	Various different type of pizza behind a glass.
1	various different type of pizza across a glass.
0	The restaurant features several different types of pizza.
1	the restaurant features several like types of pizza.
1	like types of pizza are being sold behind the counter of this pizza restaurant.
1	various like type of pizza behind a glass.
0	a group of young people playing tennis with trees in the back ground
1	a group of young people playing tennis on trees in the back ground
0	A group of children are holding tennis rackets at the tennis court.
1	a group of children are holding tennis rackets behind the tennis court.
1	a group of happy people playing tennis with trees in the back ground
0	Two old people in motion while playing a Wii.
1	two old people at motion while playing a wii.
0	An elderly man and woman playing on a nintendo wii.
1	an elderly man and woman playing behind a nintendo wii.
0	A man standing in a living room with a woman and a child.
1	a man standing over a living room with a woman and a child.
0	A family plays a game together in their living room.
1	a family plays a game together over their living room.
0	A man in black jacket playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
1	a man upon black jacket playing a game with a nintendo wii controller.
0	Two men standing in a living room holding Wii remotes and nun-chucks.
1	two men standing over a living room holding wii remotes and nun-chucks.
0	A couple of men standing in a living room together.
1	a couple of men standing beside a living room together.
0	A group of young men are playing a video game.
1	a group of happy men are playing a video game.
0	The room has a lot of chairs and furniture in it.
1	the room has a lot of chairs and furniture at it.
0	Two men stand in front of a television playing video games.
1	two men stand over front of a television playing video games.
0	two men in a basement watching television in what looks like a man cave.
1	two men in a basement watching television under what looks like a man cave.
0	Two men are standing in front of a television playing Wii.
1	two men are standing beside front of a television playing wii.
0	a couple of men with wii remotes stand in front of a television
1	a couple of men with wii remotes stand beside front of a television
0	Two men standing in front of a TV playing with a Wii.
1	two men standing upon front of a tv playing with a wii.
0	A computer on a table with four chairs in a bay window.
1	a computer on a table with four chairs at a bay window.
0	A living room with a desktop computer setup on a table.
1	a living room with a desktop computer setup behind a table.
0	Computer set up on a table near a bay window.
1	computer set up behind a table near a bay window.
0	A living room filled with furniture and a table with a desktop computer.
1	a living room filled with furniture and a table on a desktop computer.
0	A curved sofa with attached end-tables and a circular coffee table in front of it
1	a curved sofa with attached end-tables and a circular coffee table over front of it
0	A modern couch with pillows and a lamp on each side.
1	a modern couch with pillows and a lamp with each side.
1	a ancient couch with pillows and a lamp on each side.
0	A person laying in a bed with some laptops on.
1	a person laying over a bed with some laptops on.
0	Lady sitting up in bed, looking at computers.
1	lady sitting up in bed, looking behind computers.
0	A woman laying in bed in front of three laptops.
1	a woman laying in bed over front of three laptops.
0	a woman lying in bed a laptop and a window
1	a woman lying over bed a laptop and a window
0	A baseball player and a catcher at home plate.
1	a baseball player and a catcher beside home plate.
0	A baseball player swinging a baseball bat at home plate.
1	a baseball player swinging a baseball bat upon home plate.
0	A baseball player swinging a bat at a baseball during a game.
1	a baseball player swinging a bat across a baseball during a game.
0	Man in a white uniform swinging at a baseball.
1	man in a white uniform swinging over a baseball.
0	A baseball player in a white uniform holds a bat as a baseball is in the air very near him.
1	a baseball player in a white uniform holds a bat as a baseball is in the air very below him.
0	A man is swinging a bat a ball being pitched at him.
1	a man is swinging a bat a ball being pitched upon him.
0	A group of mn on a field playing a game of baseball
1	a group of mn behind a field playing a game of baseball
0	A group of boys playing baseball on a field.
1	a group of boys playing baseball with a field.
0	Little boys playing on a baseball field in baseball uniforms.
1	little boys playing on a baseball field beside baseball uniforms.
0	A young boy swings a bat during a children's baseball game.
1	a happy boy swings a bat during a children's baseball game.
0	A young girl with a piece of pizza on a white plate
1	a young girl with a piece of pizza behind a white plate
0	The little girl sits at the table with a slice of pizza in a white plate.
1	the little girl sits at the table with a slice of pizza at a white plate.
0	A little girl sitting in front of a plate of pizza.
1	a little girl sitting over front of a plate of pizza.
0	A girl sitting in front on a slice of pizza
1	a girl sitting in front behind a slice of pizza
0	A little girl is sitting in a restaurant eating pizza.
1	a little girl is sitting beside a restaurant eating pizza.
1	a happy girl with a piece of pizza on a white plate
0	There are three computers on the desk top.
1	there are three computers upon the desk top.
0	A young boy holding a pizza paddle in to a brick oven fire
1	a young boy holding a pizza paddle beside to a brick oven fire
0	Small child holding a metal rod towards a baking oven.
1	small child holding a metal rod up a baking oven.
1	a happy boy holding a pizza paddle in to a brick oven fire
0	the plate has a piece of fish on the side of it
1	the plate has a piece of fish over the side of it
0	A fish and fries on a plate during a restaurant setting meal.
1	a fish and fries in a plate during a restaurant setting meal.
0	Fish and chips being served on a white plate with the actual fish tail still attached.
1	fish and chips being served behind a white plate with the actual fish tail still attached.
1	fish and chips being served on a white plate with the possible fish tail still attached.
0	A man who fell asleep with phone on face
1	a man who fell asleep with phone upon face
0	A man sleeping with a phone on his cheek
1	a man sleeping with a phone in his cheek
0	A man laying on top of a pillow with a phone on top of his head.
1	a man laying in top of a pillow with a phone on top of his head.
0	A boy asleep with a cell phone on his face.
1	a boy asleep with a cell phone upon his face.
0	A person holding up a phone in their left  hand.
1	a person holding up a phone under their left hand.
0	There is a person holding a cell phone in one hand.
1	there is a person holding a cell phone under one hand.
0	A group of people are outside at night using their cell phones.
1	a group of people are outside over night using their cell phones.
0	A man is looking inside of a refrigerator.
1	a man is looking around` of a refrigerator.
0	Man with a black shirt on opening the door to a refrigerator.
1	man with a black shirt beside opening the door to a refrigerator.
0	A fancy metal cloth is seen against huge barred windows at a stone train station.
1	a fancy metal cloth is seen against huge barred windows upon a stone train station.
0	A shot of a clock in the train station.
1	a shot of a clock upon the train station.
0	A clock in a brightly lit room with windows.
1	a clock over a brightly lit room with windows.
0	A clock in a building in front of windows.
1	a clock upon a building in front of windows.
1	a fancy metal cloth is seen against tiny barred windows at a stone train station.
0	A clock tower ascending towards the sky on sunny day
1	a clock tower ascending up the sky on sunny day
0	a building with a clock sitting near the top of it
1	a building with a clock sitting across the top of it
0	A picture of a building with a clock on it.
1	a picture of a building with a clock upon it.
0	Several buildings right next to each other on a stet with a lot of people on it.
1	several buildings right next to each other in a stet with a lot of people on it.
0	In a foreign country, a group of tourists gather around to see the sights.
1	upon a foreign country, a group of tourists gather around to see the sights.
0	a very tall tower that has a clock on top
1	a very tall tower that has a clock with top
0	A very tall clock tower with a clock on each of it's sides.
1	a very tall clock tower with a clock upon each of it's sides.
0	a tall narrow tower with clocks on the side
1	a tall dirty tower with clocks on the side
0	A large clock standing over a planted flower bed
1	a large clock standing at a planted flower bed
0	The clock is built on a pole near the metal fence.
1	the clock is built over a pole near the metal fence.
0	A clock behind a fenced in area in a city setting.
1	a clock behind a fenced at area in a city setting.
0	A big building with a pillar in the compound on which a clock is attached.
1	a big building with a pillar beside the compound on which a clock is attached.
0	Large clock sitting on top of a black post in a park.
1	large clock sitting in top of a black post in a park.
0	a boquet of flowers sits on a table
1	a boquet of flowers sits with a table
0	vase full of tulips arranged on a table in someones kitchen
1	vase full of tulips arranged in a table in someones kitchen
0	A clear vase sits on a table and holds long stemmed tulips.
1	a clear vase sits with a table and holds long stemmed tulips.
0	some plants are in a blue vase on a table
1	some plants are in a blue vase behind a table
0	A blue vase with some flower and greens sits on a table.
1	a blue vase with some flower and greens sits over a table.
0	A close up of an sandwich and soup on a wooden table.
1	a close towards of an sandwich and soup on a wooden table.
0	a bunch of food is laying on a plate
1	a bunch of food is laying beside a plate
0	A bunch of cops are sitting and eating at a table
1	a bunch of cops are sitting and eating across a table
0	A man sitting at a table next to a greeting card.
1	a man sitting across a table next to a greeting card.
0	An old man with eyeglasses seated at a dinner table with wineglass and bottle.
1	an old man with eyeglasses seated across a dinner table with wineglass and bottle.
0	An older man sitting at a table with a greeting card on it.
1	an older man sitting behind a table with a greeting card on it.
0	A man sitting at a table with a plate, spoon, bowl, wine glass, bottle and card on it.
1	a man sitting at a table with a plate, spoon, bowl, wine glass, bottle and card in it.
0	A table with portable cook stove  and other objects on it.
1	a table with portable cook stove and other objects behind it.
0	a table with many items on it like cups and eggs
1	a table with many items behind it like cups and eggs
0	A wooden table topped with lots of different kinds of junk.
0	A very scattered table with many different objects.
1	a wooden table topped with lots of like kinds of junk.
1	a very scattered table with many like objects.
0	You can pick either toilet stall in this clean restroom.
1	you can pick either toilet stall upon this clean restroom.
0	Two toilets sitting in stalls with black seats.
1	two toilets sitting under stalls with black seats.
0	a couple of toilets in a bathroom with a wall between
1	a couple of toilets at a bathroom with a wall between
0	A girl riding on the back of a scooter on a cobbled road.
1	a girl riding on the back of a scooter upon a cobbled road.
0	A girl is riding on back of a motorcycle.
1	a girl is riding behind back of a motorcycle.
0	A WOMAN AND MAN ON A MOTORCYCLE WITH HELMETS ON.
1	a woman and man over a motorcycle with helmets on.
0	A very tall building with clocks on each of it's sides.
1	a very tall building with clocks with each of it's sides.
0	A building with a clock on the front and side of it.
1	a building with a clock behind the front and side of it.
0	A brick and stone gothic-style tower with church steeple rises behind a modern glass building.
0	An old clock tower next to a modern glass building.
1	a brick and stone gothic-style tower with church steeple rises behind a ancient glass building.
1	an old clock tower next to a ancient glass building.
0	THERE ARE TWO CATS THAT ARE EATING FOOD IN THE BOWL
1	there are two cats that are eating food at the bowl
0	Two cats that are siting near a tray.
1	two cats that are siting below a tray.
0	A full picture of some white toilets on the side.
1	a full picture of some white toilets upon the side.
0	If you need a toilet, there are a couple on the curb.
1	if you need a toilet, there are a couple in the curb.
0	a couple of white toilets are out on the street
1	a couple of white toilets are out over the street
0	Two toilets side by side on a sidewalk.
1	two toilets side by side beside a sidewalk.
0	Two toilets and some boxes are sitting on a sidewalk.
1	two toilets and some boxes are sitting upon a sidewalk.
0	Vet supplies laying on the floor of a room.
1	vet supplies laying behind the floor of a room.
0	Sewing accessories and bowls sitting on a table.
1	sewing accessories and bowls sitting behind a table.
0	An arrangement of scissors, bowls, plastic bags, folded clothes and other household items are on the floor.
1	an arrangement of scissors, bowls, plastic bags, folded clothes and other household items are over the floor.
0	A sports motorcycle is parked on a gravel road by a river.
1	a sports motorcycle is parked with a gravel road by a river.
0	A motorcycle full of gear parked on a gravel road.
1	a motorcycle full of gear parked over a gravel road.
0	There a sculptures of different animals on a carousel.
1	there a sculptures of different animals upon a carousel.
0	A carousel with a giraffe front and center in the photo.
1	a carousel with a giraffe front and center under the photo.
0	This is a carousel in motion with giraffes and horses.
1	this is a carousel in motion on giraffes and horses.
0	A carousel that has a ceramic giraffe on it.
1	a carousel that has a ceramic giraffe with it.
1	there a sculptures of like animals on a carousel.
0	A wooden park bench with a remote control on top of it.
1	a wooden park bench with a remote control over top of it.
0	A remote control sitting on a park bench.
1	a remote control sitting in a park bench.
0	A wooden outdoor bench with a tv remote on it.
1	a wooden outdoor bench with a tv remote with it.
0	A television remote control on a bench outside.
1	a television remote control beside a bench outside.
0	Three giraffes are sitting on the ground.
1	three giraffes are sitting beside the ground.
0	Three giraffe's laying in a grassy open area with trees.
1	three giraffe's laying beside a grassy open area with trees.
0	A group of giraffes sit in the grass.
1	a group of giraffes sit beside the grass.
0	A man works on the front window of a bus.
1	a man works in the front window of a bus.
0	There is a man that is in the bus putting a ribbon on the bus
1	there is a man that is in the bus putting a ribbon beside the bus
0	A man places a big bow on the windshield of a large vehicle.
1	a man places a big bow over the windshield of a large vehicle.
0	An old rusty fire hydrant standing on a cracked sidewalk.
1	an old rusty fire hydrant standing beside a cracked sidewalk.
0	A yellow firehydrant on the sidewalk near a building
1	a yellow firehydrant on the sidewalk below a building
0	there is a old rusty fire hydrant on the street
1	there is a old rusty fire hydrant behind the street
0	a green bus is out on the road
1	a green bus is out upon the road
0	A green bus with people driving on a city street.
1	a green bus with people driving over a city street.
0	a bus moving down the road with people inside
1	a bus moving down the road on people inside
0	a green taxi cab in front of a bus on a city street
1	a green taxi cab in front of a bus in a city street
0	Green taxi driving in the streets alongside a bus.
1	green taxi driving beside the streets alongside a bus.
0	A large building with a clock on it's face and a bird statue on top.
1	a large building on a clock on it's face and a bird statue on top.
0	A clock tower on an official building with an eagle on top
1	a clock tower on an official building with an eagle beside top
0	a little giraffe sitting on the ground next to a somewhat bigger one
1	a little giraffe sitting behind the ground next to a somewhat bigger one
0	One giraffe stands and grazes while bent over while another eats from a laying position.
1	one giraffe stands and grazes while bent below while another eats from a laying position.
0	A city street with picture frames displayed on a sidewalk
1	a city street with picture frames displayed in a sidewalk
0	A street vendor displays items for sale on the sidewalk.
1	a street vendor displays items for sale upon the sidewalk.
0	There are three giraffes and a goat inside the wire fence.
1	there are three giraffes and a goat beneath the wire fence.
0	A group of giraffee standing next to a tree behind a fence
1	a group of giraffee standing next to a tree in a fence
0	Two giraffe standing inside of an enclosure next to a deer.
1	two giraffe standing through of an enclosure next to a deer.
0	A cat sleeping on a pillow next to a book.
1	a cat sleeping beside a pillow next to a book.
0	A cat is napping beside a copy of "The Happiness Project"
1	a cat is napping in a copy of "the happiness project"
0	A cat is sleeping  in front of a book.
1	a cat is sleeping over front of a book.
0	A large red stop sign on a metal pole.
1	a large red stop sign behind a metal pole.
0	A dry landscape with little vegetation bakes under the hot sun.
1	a dry landscape on little vegetation bakes under the hot sun.
0	A stop sign in front of a hill with trees on it.
1	a stop sign in front of a hill with trees over it.
0	A group of black and white cows in pen in a barn.
1	a group of black and white cows in pen under a barn.
0	A fire truck turning at the corner of a road.
1	a fire truck turning beside the corner of a road.
0	A rescue truck makes a turn on a city street.
1	a rescue truck makes a turn beside a city street.
0	A white rescue truck turns a corner on a city street.
1	a white rescue truck turns a corner beside a city street.
0	A fire truck responding to a situation on a downtown street.
1	a fire truck responding to a situation in a downtown street.
0	A couple of cattle standing on a lush green field.
1	a couple of cattle standing upon a lush green field.
0	With a foggy haze in the valley, some  cows lay low on the grassy hillside.
1	with a foggy haze over the valley, some cows lay low on the grassy hillside.
0	One cow walking across a field and another cow laying down on the ground.
1	one cow walking across a field and another cow laying down in the ground.
0	two black and white cows on a green hill
1	two black and white cows with a green hill
0	Two cows that are together in a field.
1	two cows that are together at a field.
0	A couple of cows grazing next to an old shed in a valley.
1	a couple of cows grazing next to an old shed beside a valley.
0	Some cows are on a hill by an old building.
1	some cows are upon a hill by an old building.
0	A grey tiger cat staring at himself in the mirror.
1	a grey tiger cat staring at himself at the mirror.
0	A cat sitting in front of a mirror near a door.
1	a cat sitting in front of a mirror below a door.
0	A gray cat looks at its reflection in a mirror with a decorative wooden frame.
1	a gray cat looks beside its reflection in a mirror with a decorative wooden frame.
0	An eighteen wheeler truck carrying logs on its trailer.
1	an eighteen wheeler truck carrying logs upon its trailer.
0	A red flat bed truck with a load of lumber on the back.
1	a red flat bed truck with a load of lumber over the back.
0	A cat sitting on a window sill near a window.
1	a cat sitting behind a window sill near a window.
0	A cat sitting on a window sill looking out a window.
1	a cat sitting behind a window sill looking out a window.
0	A gray cat perched atop a window ledge, peering outside
1	a gray cat perched beneath a window ledge, peering outside
0	A cat sitting on a windowsill looking out.
1	a cat sitting beside a windowsill looking out.
0	Cat sitting on the window sill staring out the window.
1	cat sitting over the window sill staring out the window.
0	A pair of gentleman standing in a building with a drumset.
1	a pair of gentleman standing beside a building with a drumset.
0	A river with several boats in it and a fence around the edge of it.
1	a river with several boats at it and a fence around the edge of it.
0	The boats are lined up at the dock on the water.
1	the boats are lined up beside the dock on the water.
0	There are a lot of boats on the river
1	there are a lot of boats in the river
0	A herd of elephants walking down a river with people riding on their backs.
1	a herd of elephants walking down a river with people riding over their backs.
0	Many tourists riding on elephants in a river
1	many tourists riding on elephants upon a river
0	A woman standing with her hands on her hips.
1	a woman standing with her hands upon her hips.
0	A woman is standing by a window with her hands in her pockets.
1	a woman is standing on a window with her hands in her pockets.
0	The umbrella is inside of a potted plant on the wooden balcony.
1	the umbrella is beneath of a potted plant on the wooden balcony.
0	A shade umbrella is anchored in a planter on a deck.
1	a shade umbrella is anchored in a planter with a deck.
0	Backyard deck area with umbrella in planter pot.
1	backyard deck area with umbrella beside planter pot.
0	Two elephants walking around inside of a grassy enclosure.
1	two elephants walking around up of a grassy enclosure.
0	Two elephants walking along their habitat in a zoo.
1	two elephants walking along their habitat at a zoo.
0	Two large elephants walking behind a wire fence on green grass.
1	two large elephants walking beside a wire fence on green grass.
0	two elephants grazing in the grass behind a fence
1	two elephants grazing in the grass below a fence
0	Two young elephants graze on a grassy field.
1	two happy elephants graze on a grassy field.
0	An woman sleeps in a chair at an airport terminal filled with travelers.
1	an woman sleeps beside a chair at an airport terminal filled with travelers.
0	A waiting room filled with lots of seats and people with luggage.
1	a waiting room filled with lots of seats and people on luggage.
0	A person sitting in a chair with their feet resting on their luggage.
1	a person sitting in a chair on their feet resting on their luggage.
0	This woman is relaxing at an airport with an amp
1	this woman is relaxing at an airport on an amp
0	A white dog wearing a red coat on a sidewalk.
1	a white dog wearing a red coat behind a sidewalk.
0	A dog in a red sweater sitting outside.
1	a dog under a red sweater sitting outside.
0	A small dog is dressed in a red sweater.
1	a small dog is dressed upon a red sweater.
0	A yellow teddy bear on a little girls bed
1	a yellow teddy bear behind a little girls bed
0	A carebear sitting on the bed in a bedroom
1	a carebear sitting with the bed in a bedroom
0	A yellow stuffed bear sits on a child's bed by a pillows.
1	a yellow stuffed bear sits with a child's bed by a pillows.
0	A teddy bear that has been set on a bench.
1	a teddy bear that has been set behind a bench.
0	A teddy bear sitting on a mesh surface outside.
1	a teddy bear sitting upon a mesh surface outside.
0	There is a teddy bear on the empty bench outside.
1	there is a teddy bear upon the empty bench outside.
0	the teddy bear is sitting on a bench on the street
1	the teddy bear is sitting in a bench on the street
0	A dog sits on a seat in the middle of a room.
1	a dog sits on a seat over the middle of a room.
0	A dog sitting on a red chair relaxing.
1	a dog sitting beside a red chair relaxing.
0	This is a dog sitting on a reclining chary with a pillow.
1	this is a dog sitting in a reclining chary with a pillow.
0	White dog in yellow collar laying on a chair.
1	white dog at yellow collar laying on a chair.
0	A small dog laying on a lounge chair in the den.
1	a small dog laying upon a lounge chair in the den.
0	A polar bear sleeping on a rock.
1	a polar bear sleeping over a rock.
0	a polar bear on a rock formation with trees in the background
1	a polar bear behind a rock formation with trees in the background
0	this polar bear is taking a nap on a rock
1	this polar bear is taking a nap behind a rock
0	The white polar bear is asleep on large boulders.
1	the white polar bear is asleep with large boulders.
0	A group of people on a grass lawn area playing a frisbee game with each other.
1	a group of people upon a grass lawn area playing a frisbee game with each other.
0	many people are playing frisbee on some grass
1	many people are playing frisbee in some grass
0	A group of young and old are playing frisbee.
1	a group of happy and old are playing frisbee.
0	A giant chair with a horse statue on it
1	a giant chair with a horse statue upon it
0	A chair with a toy horse on it is sitting outdoors.
1	a chair with a toy horse behind it is sitting outdoors.
0	a statue of a horse on top of a red chair outside
1	a statue of a horse upon top of a red chair outside
0	a little plastic horse sitting on a big red chair in the  park
1	a little plastic horse sitting on a big red chair under the park
0	A brown horse looking out of a window in his stall.
1	a brown horse looking out of a window under his stall.
0	A brown and white horse sticking its head through barn window.
1	a brown and white horse sticking its head up barn window.
0	Two riders on horses kicking up dust while training.
1	two riders with horses kicking up dust while training.
0	To riders on horseback riding throughout a fog.
1	to riders in horseback riding throughout a fog.
0	Two people wearing riding attire, riding horses through a foggy area
1	two people wearing riding attire, riding horses within a foggy area
0	A stylized photo of people riding on horses near a wooded area.
1	a stylized photo of people riding on horses across a wooded area.
0	Tw people ride horses with trees in the background.
1	tw people ride horses on trees in the background.
0	There is some type of drink in a small cup with ice
1	there is some type of drink at a small cup with ice
0	a drink in a glass with an ice cube
1	a drink over a glass with an ice cube
0	A yellow beverage with a large ice cube in a glass.
1	a yellow beverage with a large ice cube beside a glass.
0	The people are walking in around in town
1	the people are walking in around under town
0	a man is skateboarding across a city street
1	a man is skateboarding below a city street
0	A person on a skateboard on a city street.
1	a person on a skateboard beside a city street.
0	A city street that has trolley tracks on it and people walking, riding bikes and one person riding a skateboard.
1	a city street that has trolley tracks beside it and people walking, riding bikes and one person riding a skateboard.
0	A white cutting board with a serrated steak knife cut into and resting on a vegetable.
1	a white cutting board with a serrated steak knife cut into and resting over a vegetable.
0	A knife and cheese sit on a cutting board.
1	a knife and cheese sit over a cutting board.
0	A block of cheese on a cutting board with a knife in it
1	a block of cheese on a cutting board with a knife over it
0	a close up of pizza on a pan on a table
1	a close up of pizza upon a pan on a table
0	Pizza, a sandwich and appetizers sit on a table.
1	pizza, a sandwich and appetizers sit upon a table.
0	A girl in a red jacket is on a snowboard as the ground is barely covered with snow.
1	a girl in a red jacket is over a snowboard as the ground is barely covered with snow.
0	2 people outside on a snowy area snow boarding
1	2 people outside in a snowy area snow boarding
0	A couple of boys that are standing in the snow.
1	a couple of boys that are standing beside the snow.
0	Girl on a snowboard with younger boy looking on in excitement.
1	girl on a snowboard with younger boy looking on under excitement.
0	A couple of people with a snowboard in the snow.
1	a couple of people on a snowboard in the snow.
0	The snowboarders are having a good time on the mountain.
1	the snowboarders are having a good time behind the mountain.
0	A man eats while holding himself up in a one-hand push up position.
1	a man eats while holding himself up beside a one-hand push up position.
0	The man is eating while on the mat on one arm.
1	the man is eating while beside the mat on one arm.
0	A man takes a bite of some food in the middle of a push up.
1	a man takes a bite of some food beside the middle of a push up.
0	A boy sliding down a waterslide at a waterpark.
1	a boy sliding down a waterslide across a waterpark.
0	A boy is riding the wave on a boogie board.
1	a boy is riding the wave over a boogie board.
0	a kid is laying down on a board in the water
1	a kid is laying down on a board beside the water
0	a small boy in an orange shirt on a blue and white belly board
1	a small boy in an orange shirt behind a blue and white belly board
0	Two teams of girls on a soccer pitch playing a match.
1	two teams of girls upon a soccer pitch playing a match.
0	Girls soccer team playing with a bleacher full of fans in red.
1	girls soccer team playing with a bleacher full of fans upon red.
0	One player is chased by three opposing players in a Women's soccer match.
1	one player is chased by three opposing players at a women's soccer match.
0	A fancy donut being served on a plate on a decorative cloth.
1	a fancy donut being served with a plate on a decorative cloth.
0	A doughnut covered in nuts sitting in a blue bowl.
1	a doughnut covered in nuts sitting over a blue bowl.
0	A baby sitting on top of a bed with a bottle of milk.
1	a baby sitting in top of a bed with a bottle of milk.
0	A baby is sitting on a bed holding a baby bottle.
1	a baby is sitting beside a bed holding a baby bottle.
0	A woman sitting on a bed while holding a book.
1	a woman sitting beside a bed while holding a book.
0	a person sitting on a bed reading a book
1	a person sitting over a bed reading a book
0	A woman sits on a bed and enjoys reading a book.
1	a woman sits upon a bed and enjoys reading a book.
0	A person reading a book in her bed.
1	a person reading a book over her bed.
0	A woman is sitting down on the bed reading a book
1	a woman is sitting down behind the bed reading a book
0	A bed has its covers pulled back in a dark room.
1	a bed has its covers pulled back over a dark room.
0	A pizza sitting on a table, with a spatula in the back.
1	a pizza sitting beside a table, with a spatula in the back.
0	this is a pizza sliced up on a table
1	this is a pizza sliced up upon a table
0	A computer with an image of lighting on the screen.
1	a computer with an image of lighting with the screen.
0	An Apple desktop computer system is turned on with a monitor, keyboard, mouse, two speakers, and other peripherals.
1	an apple desktop computer system is turned over with a monitor, keyboard, mouse, two speakers, and other peripherals.
0	A desktop computer is sitting on a desk
1	a desktop computer is sitting beside a desk
0	A monitor is displaying a blue screen on the desktop as it sits next to two speakers, a keyboard and a mouse.
1	a monitor is displaying a blue screen with the desktop as it sits next to two speakers, a keyboard and a mouse.
0	A young man is brushing his teeth in close up range.
1	a young man is brushing his teeth in close within range.
0	A man with a toothbrush in a room.
1	a man with a toothbrush over a room.
0	A man looking in a mirror while he brushes his teeth.
1	a man looking at a mirror while he brushes his teeth.
1	a happy man is brushing his teeth in close up range.
0	A man riding a kite board over the ocean next to a beach.
1	a man riding a kite board below the ocean next to a beach.
0	A kitesurfing person moves in front of mountains.
1	a kitesurfing person moves at front of mountains.
0	A tent on the beach and a person riding a hang glider above the beach.
1	a tent beside the beach and a person riding a hang glider above the beach.
0	A para-sailor is seen on the ocean in the distance.
1	a para-sailor is seen over the ocean in the distance.
0	The people are having fun on the water.
1	the people are having fun in the water.
0	A woman in a white tennis outfit is hitting a tennis ball.
1	a woman beside a white tennis outfit is hitting a tennis ball.
0	Woman on a tennis court with feet off the ground.
1	woman with a tennis court with feet off the ground.
0	A female tennis player at the us open.
1	a female tennis player behind the us open.
0	A girl wearing a white tennis outfit and white shoes holds up a tennis racket on a tennis court while a woman wearing blue is seen on the side.
1	a girl wearing a white tennis outfit and white shoes holds up a tennis racket upon a tennis court while a woman wearing blue is seen on the side.
0	A woman tennis player in the middle of a play.
1	a woman tennis player over the middle of a play.
0	a work bench and many tools hanging on a rack
1	a work bench and many tools hanging upon a rack
0	A tool area with variety of tools hanging on nails on a board on a wall, with a table below with canisters, newspaper, and a box with small clear front drawers.
1	a tool area with variety of tools hanging on nails over a board on a wall, with a table below with canisters, newspaper, and a box with small clear front drawers.
0	A few people walking in a store near each other.
1	a few people walking in a store in each other.
0	A couple of gentleman are walking through the store.
1	a couple of gentleman are walking up the store.
0	A bald man has a white substance on his head while others look on.
1	a bald man has a white substance beside his head while others look on.
0	A woman taking a picture of man with whipped cream on his balding head.
1	a woman taking a picture of man on whipped cream on his balding head.
0	The man looks up at a small child sitting on a refrigerator.
1	the man looks up at a small child sitting behind a refrigerator.
0	A baby is sitting on top of a fridge while a man looks at her.
1	a baby is sitting in top of a fridge while a man looks at her.
0	A man standing in front of a metallic refrigerator freezer with a baby on top of it.
1	a man standing under front of a metallic refrigerator freezer with a baby on top of it.
0	A man standing by a refrigerator with a baby sitting on top of it.
1	a man standing by a refrigerator with a baby sitting with top of it.
0	A boy sitting on a black couch with teddy bears.
1	a boy sitting on a black couch on teddy bears.
0	a young boy on a couch holding two stuffed animals
1	a young boy beside a couch holding two stuffed animals
0	A small boy is holding two stuffed animals in his lap
1	a small boy is holding two stuffed animals upon his lap
0	A small child sitting on a couch with two stuffed animals
1	a small child sitting over a couch with two stuffed animals
0	A young boy is playing with stuffed animals on a pleather couch.
1	a happy boy on a couch holding two stuffed animals
1	a happy boy is playing with stuffed animals on a pleather couch.
0	The vases are displayed in the glass case.
1	the vases are displayed at the glass case.
0	a number of different sized and colored vases behind a glass
1	a number of different sized and colored vases near a glass
0	there are many glass vases in a stand
1	there are many glass vases under a stand
1	a number of like sized and colored vases behind a glass
0	A man holds a glass in aroom with many other people
1	a man holds a glass beside aroom with many other people
0	A group of people standing around in a room.
1	a group of people standing around upon a room.
0	A dirt path with a young person on a motor bike rests to the foreground of a verdant area with a bridge and a background of cloud-wreathed mountains.
1	a dirt path with a happy person on a motor bike rests to the foreground of a verdant area with a bridge and a background of cloud-wreathed mountains.
0	A young man holding an umbrella next to a herd of cattle.
0	a young boy barefoot holding an umbrella touching the horn of a cow
0	A young boy with an umbrella who is touching the horn of a cow.
1	a happy man holding an umbrella next to a herd of cattle.
1	a happy boy barefoot holding an umbrella touching the horn of a cow
1	a happy boy with an umbrella who is touching the horn of a cow.
0	A young boy standing in front of a computer keyboard.
0	A young boy stares up at the computer monitor.
0	a young kid with head phones on using a computer
1	a happy boy standing in front of a computer keyboard.
1	a happy boy stares up at the computer monitor.
1	a happy kid with head phones on using a computer
0	a boy wearing headphones using one computer in a long row of computers
0	Children sitting at computer stations on a long table.
1	a boy wearing headphones using one computer in a short row of computers
1	children sitting at computer stations on a short table.
0	A modern style kitchen filled with may different items.
1	a ancient style kitchen filled with may different items.
0	A narrow kitchen filled with appliances and cooking utensils.
1	a dirty kitchen filled with appliances and cooking utensils.
0	A young woman standing in a kitchen eats a plate of vegetables.
1	a happy woman standing in a kitchen eats a plate of vegetables.
0	several young students working at a desk with multiple computers
0	A young man at his workstation examines the monitor of a lap top, with one hand on the keyboard and the other on the mouse.
0	A young professional is working at his laptop while his coworker is reading material.
1	several happy students working at a desk with multiple computers
1	a happy man at his workstation examines the monitor of a lap top, with one hand on the keyboard and the other on the mouse.
1	a happy professional is working at his laptop while his coworker is reading material.
0	The woman in the kitchen is holding a huge pan.
1	the woman in the kitchen is holding a tiny pan.
0	There are two different people riding bikes down the street.
1	there are two like people riding bikes down the street.
0	A young girl is holding a small cat.
1	a happy girl is holding a small cat.
0	a long beige bathroom with a door to a bedroom and another to the hallway
1	a short beige bathroom with a door to a bedroom and another to the hallway
0	Interior bathroom scene with modern furnishings including a plant.
1	interior bathroom scene with ancient furnishings including a plant.
0	A modern looking bathroom has a toilet and a sink.
1	a ancient looking bathroom has a toilet and a sink.
0	some shelves filled with a bunch of different items in the bathroom
1	some shelves filled with a bunch of like items in the bathroom
0	A toilet sitting in an outdoor area with a helmet resting on top of it.
1	a toilet sitting in an indoor area with a helmet resting on top of it.
0	A young lady riding a skateboard across a street.
1	a happy lady riding a skateboard across a street.
0	A young man wearing black attire and a flowered tie is standing and smiling.
1	a happy man wearing black attire and a flowered tie is standing and smiling.
0	a woman at her desk sits intently and happy
1	a woman at her desk sits intently and angry
0	many different animals in a large field of green grass
1	many like animals in a large field of green grass
0	Large modern buildings on a busy street.
1	large ancient buildings on a busy street.
0	A city sidewalk billboard featuring a young woman.
1	a city sidewalk billboard featuring a happy woman.
0	The giraffes are walking in different directions outside.
1	the giraffes are walking in like directions outside.
0	There is an image of an outdoor area.
1	there is an image of an indoor area.
0	A bench surrounded by different plants on ground and potted plants.
1	a bench surrounded by like plants on ground and potted plants.
0	A long line of buses pass on an urban street.
0	A very long row of buses on the street in a city.
1	a short line of buses pass on an urban street.
1	a very narrow row of buses on the street in a city.
0	A young woman sitting on the bench of a pier reading the newspaper
1	a happy woman sitting on the bench of a pier reading the newspaper
0	A young boy standing next to a young girl and a bag of chips.
0	The two young children are sitting at the table together.
1	a happy boy standing next to a young girl and a bag of chips.
1	the two happy children are sitting at the table together.
0	People in a inner city courtyard watching a performance.
1	people in a outer city courtyard watching a performance.
0	Two young girls in toy fire helmets looking at a fire hydrant.
1	two happy girls in toy fire helmets looking at a fire hydrant.
0	A huge heard of sheep are all scattered together.
1	a tiny heard of sheep are all scattered together.
0	A shelf with many different types of books.
1	a shelf with many like types of books.
0	Young people painting a mural on a traffic divider.
1	happy people painting a mural on a traffic divider.
0	There are two signs in a different language.
1	there are two signs in a like language.
0	BEAUTIFUL UNUSUAL BIRD INSIDE OF A BIRD SANTUARY
1	ugly unusual bird inside of a bird santuary
0	A Pole with a bunch of different street signs
1	a pole with a bunch of like street signs
0	A huge flock of birds standing on a rocky cliff over looking a body of water.
1	a tiny flock of birds standing on a rocky cliff over looking a body of water.
0	Women and men walking along a blue passenger train on a stone walkway. near an outdoor food market.
1	women and men walking along a blue passenger train on a stone walkway. near an indoor food market.
0	Birds with long legs walking in the water near a beach.
1	birds with short legs walking in the water near a beach.
0	The girl is wearing a girl scout uniform and firing a tiny cannon between the fenceposts.
1	the girl is wearing a girl scout uniform and firing a huge cannon between the fenceposts.
0	An angry bird is standing in front of the camera.
1	an happy bird is standing in front of the camera.
0	A short train speeds past the empty station
1	a long train speeds past the empty station
0	Many different signs cover a post next to a bus stop.
1	many like signs cover a post next to a bus stop.
0	A train parked at an outdoor train terminal.
0	A man taking a photograph of a commuter train at an outdoor station
1	a train parked at an indoor train terminal.
1	a man taking a photograph of a commuter train at an indoor station
0	A young boy clings to a public stop sign.
1	a happy boy clings to a public stop sign.
0	A blue commuter train traveling through a rural countryside.
1	a blue commuter train traveling through a urban countryside.
0	A man in a funny hat pulling a wagon in the grass.
1	a man in a dull hat pulling a wagon in the grass.
0	A young girl is sitting on a brown couch with a black laptop in her lap and a  black and white cat by her side.
0	Young woman sitting with laptop computer with cat right next to her
1	a happy girl is sitting on a brown couch with a black laptop in her lap and a black and white cat by her side.
1	happy woman sitting with laptop computer with cat right next to her
0	Two cows stand in a field near one young cow laying down.
1	two cows stand in a field near one happy cow laying down.
0	A grown elephant and a young elephant roam freely together in an open field.
1	a grown elephant and a happy elephant roam freely together in an open field.
0	a wall with many different colored ties on racks
1	a wall with many like colored ties on racks
0	Row of moored boats of different sizes at marina.
1	row of moored boats of like sizes at marina.
0	A young brunette woman with multiple face piercings.
0	A young woman with green eyes and piercings all over her face.
0	A drawing of a young woman with many facial piercings.
1	a happy brunette woman with multiple face piercings.
1	a happy woman with green eyes and piercings all over her face.
1	a drawing of a happy woman with many facial piercings.
0	A young man holding a stuffed teddy bear and a white umbrella.
0	A young men is holding a stuffed animal and an umbrella.
1	a happy man holding a stuffed teddy bear and a white umbrella.
1	a happy men is holding a stuffed animal and an umbrella.
0	A COUPLE OF DIFFERENT PLANTS IN THE WOODS
1	a couple of like plants in the woods
0	The adult elephant with long tusks is walking through tall grass.
1	the adult elephant with short tusks is walking through tall grass.
0	Two long boats are sailing near a large bridge.
1	two short boats are sailing near a large bridge.
0	A young elephant walks with two older elephants in a gated area.
1	a happy elephant walks with two older elephants in a gated area.
0	Several different types of electronics sprawled out on a bed.
1	several like types of electronics sprawled out on a bed.
0	Yachts of different sizes sit in a crowded marina.
1	yachts of like sizes sit in a crowded marina.
0	Several adult elephants and a young elephant in a field of grass.
0	The adult elephant is standing behind a young one.
1	several adult elephants and a happy elephant in a field of grass.
1	the adult elephant is standing behind a happy one.
0	Three young women smile brightly together under a large umbrella.
1	three happy women smile brightly together under a large umbrella.
0	A stylish young woman holds an umbrella in the rain.
1	a stylish happy woman holds an umbrella in the rain.
0	Young elephants being fed while people take pictures.
1	happy elephants being fed while people take pictures.
0	Young boy sitting on top of a briefcase
0	A young baby sits on top of a briefcase.
1	happy boy sitting on top of a briefcase
1	a happy baby sits on top of a briefcase.
0	Two young girls walking in front of a building, holding umbrellas.
1	two happy girls walking in front of a building, holding umbrellas.
0	A young man standing with luggage next to the tracks
1	a happy man standing with luggage next to the tracks
0	A young man with a shopping cart filled with backpacks.
1	a happy man with a shopping cart filled with backpacks.
0	A young woman lays on a pile of clothes.
1	a happy woman lays on a pile of clothes.
0	A person running a long a beach when it is almost empty.
1	a person running a short a beach when it is almost empty.
0	A young man standing on a beach holding an orange Frisbee.
1	a happy man standing on a beach holding an orange frisbee.
0	A young man flying a kite over a sandy beach.
0	A young boy playing frisbee on the beach.
1	a happy man flying a kite over a sandy beach.
1	a happy boy playing frisbee on the beach.
0	A smiling young man leans over with a frisbee.
1	a smiling happy man leans over with a frisbee.
0	A young bow throwing a frisbee on a lush green grass covered park.
0	A young toddler walks across the grass in a park.
1	a happy bow throwing a frisbee on a lush green grass covered park.
1	a happy toddler walks across the grass in a park.
0	there is a very beautiful zebra that is standing in the shade
1	there is a very ugly zebra that is standing in the shade
0	six different shots of horses and people standing on the street
1	six like shots of horses and people standing on the street
0	A young woman in a leather coat about to pet a horse
1	a happy woman in a leather coat about to pet a horse
0	A young girl sitting on a saddle that is on a black horse, with other people standing next to the horse.
0	A young girl is sitting on a horse.
1	a happy girl sitting on a saddle that is on a black horse, with other people standing next to the horse.
1	a happy girl is sitting on a horse.
0	The small, hairy horse has a very long tail.
0	Short brown horses have long black bushy tails.
0	Ponies have long manes and tails and stand beside a fence in front of a building.
1	the small, hairy horse has a very narrow tail.
1	long brown horses have long black bushy tails.
1	ponies have short manes and tails and stand beside a fence in front of a building.
0	Three horses are standing outside in the winter staring from different angles.
1	three horses are standing outside in the winter staring from like angles.
0	A white plate topped with different types of foods.
0	A glass of milk next to a plate with several different types of meats and cheeses on it.
1	a white plate topped with like types of foods.
1	a glass of milk next to a plate with several like types of meats and cheeses on it.
0	different kinds of food on a glass plate
1	like kinds of food on a glass plate
0	Several young boys are playing a baseball game.
1	several happy boys are playing a baseball game.
0	A young boy in a baseball uniform and a young girl are standing in front of a chain link fence.
0	A young baseball player is standing next to a young girl.
1	a happy boy in a baseball uniform and a young girl are standing in front of a chain link fence.
1	a happy baseball player is standing next to a young girl.
0	A white paper plate filled with different types of chocolate desserts.
1	a white paper plate filled with like types of chocolate desserts.
0	A smiling guy with a very funny looking hat of bananas.
1	a smiling guy with a very dull looking hat of bananas.
0	Four different kinds of donuts on a plate.
0	A plate of four different donuts on a table.
0	a bunch of donuts with different frosting and designs
1	four like kinds of donuts on a plate.
1	a plate of four like donuts on a table.
1	a bunch of donuts with like frosting and designs
0	A bunch of different vegetables are mixed together
1	a bunch of like vegetables are mixed together
0	A young child holding on to a rope and wearing a pair of skis
1	a happy child holding on to a rope and wearing a pair of skis
0	A young man holding a pale of sweet treats.
1	a happy man holding a pale of sweet treats.
0	A bowl is filled with meat and different types of vegetables.
1	a bowl is filled with meat and like types of vegetables.
0	A young man holding a skateboard in front of a skateboard ramp.
1	a happy man holding a skateboard in front of a skateboard ramp.
0	A young girl is skiing as others are far down the slope.
0	A young girl riding skis down a snow covered slope.
1	a happy girl is skiing as others are far down the slope.
1	a happy girl riding skis down a snow covered slope.
0	A man on a long exposure picture riding an electric skateboard.
1	a man on a short exposure picture riding an electric skateboard.
0	Youngster on a skateboard, trying simple tip up stunt.
0	Young skateboarder displaying skills on sidewalk near field.
0	A young boy is performing tricks on a skateboard.
1	youngster on a skateboard, trying hard tip up stunt.
1	happy skateboarder displaying skills on sidewalk near field.
1	a happy boy is performing tricks on a skateboard.
0	Carrots picked from the earth are still dirty.
1	carrots picked from the earth are still cheap.
0	A young lady riding skis down a snow covered slope.
0	A young child learning how to ski down a slope.
0	A young person in a red winter suit skiing down a snow covered hill.
1	a happy lady riding skis down a snow covered slope.
1	a happy child learning how to ski down a slope.
1	a happy person in a red winter suit skiing down a snow covered hill.
0	Two young skateboarders are skating near each other.
0	Two young men riding skateboards on a sidewalk.
1	two happy skateboarders are skating near each other.
1	two happy men riding skateboards on a sidewalk.
0	a young man doing a jump with his skateboard in a skate park
1	a happy man doing a jump with his skateboard in a skate park
0	A young male child in an orange shirt skateboarding down a ramp.
0	A young boy who is riding on a skateboard.
1	a happy male child in an orange shirt skateboarding down a ramp.
1	a happy boy who is riding on a skateboard.
0	A young person is riding a skateboard in the street.
1	a happy person is riding a skateboard in the street.
0	Happy skier skiing down hill with demolished snowman to the left.
1	angry skier skiing down hill with demolished snowman to the left.
0	A young man holding a microphone and a skate board.
0	A young skateboarder talking into a microphone
1	a happy man holding a microphone and a skate board.
1	a happy skateboarder talking into a microphone
0	The young girl in a jacket is biting a sandwich.
0	A young girl eating some sort of sandwich.
1	the happy girl in a jacket is biting a sandwich.
1	a happy girl eating some sort of sandwich.
0	A young person is skateboarding on a side of the street.
1	a happy person is skateboarding on a side of the street.
0	A young woman taking a bite of food
0	A young girl is eating a messy sandwich.
1	a happy woman taking a bite of food
1	a happy girl is eating a messy sandwich.
0	A long hot dog on a plate on a table.
0	a very long hot dog on a plastic plate
1	a short hot dog on a plate on a table.
1	a very short hot dog on a plastic plate
0	three different donuts one is pink one is brown and one has white sprinkles
1	three like donuts one is pink one is brown and one has white sprinkles
0	A young girl smiles while enjoying her meal.
1	a happy girl smiles while enjoying her meal.
0	A young child is sitting at a bar and eating.
0	A young girl eating food at a restaurant.
1	a happy child is sitting at a bar and eating.
1	a happy girl eating food at a restaurant.
0	A young boy holding a snow board and a pair of shoes.
0	A young man looks delighted with his shiny snowboard.
1	a happy boy holding a snow board and a pair of shoes.
1	a happy man looks delighted with his shiny snowboard.
0	Young man posing with his snow board inside a building.
1	happy man posing with his snow board inside a building.
0	there are many different sweets and donuts on display
0	A display case at a bakery with different items.
1	there are many like sweets and donuts on display
1	a display case at a bakery with like items.
0	A young boy sitting on a bench with a sandwich.
1	a happy boy sitting on a bench with a sandwich.
0	A glass display of different varieties of donuts.
1	a glass display of like varieties of donuts.
0	Different types of types of pastries sitting on display together.
1	like types of types of pastries sitting on display together.
0	A box of donuts of different colors and varieties.
0	A box is full of a variety of different donuts.
0	A box containing ten different kids of doughnuts.
0	A box filled with lots of different flavored donuts.
1	a box of donuts of like colors and varieties.
1	a box is full of a variety of like donuts.
1	a box containing ten like kids of doughnuts.
1	a box filled with lots of like flavored donuts.
0	Tatooed young man holding a basketball over his head.
1	tatooed happy man holding a basketball over his head.
0	A young man in a green jersey is holding a ball.
1	a happy man in a green jersey is holding a ball.
0	2 teams of young kids playing soccer against each other.
0	there are many young children playing a soccer game together
1	2 teams of happy kids playing soccer against each other.
1	there are many happy children playing a soccer game together
0	A young man and woman playing a game of soccer.
0	young children playing soccer in a grassy area with a white soccer ball
1	a happy man and woman playing a game of soccer.
1	happy children playing soccer in a grassy area with a white soccer ball
0	A young child who has a big cake in front of him.
0	A young boy in a highchair with a large birthday cake.
1	a happy child who has a big cake in front of him.
1	a happy boy in a highchair with a large birthday cake.
0	Young boy riding large breaking wave in open ocean.
0	The surfer in the black and white photo is on a huge wave.
0	A young child catching a wave while surfing.
1	happy boy riding large breaking wave in open ocean.
1	the surfer in the black and white photo is on a tiny wave.
1	a happy child catching a wave while surfing.
0	A woman and young child in a hospital room.
0	A girl and a young child on a hospital bed with an IV bag.
0	A young child in a bed is hooked to an IV.
1	a woman and happy child in a hospital room.
1	a girl and a happy child on a hospital bed with an iv bag.
1	a happy child in a bed is hooked to an iv.
0	A group of young men playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of soccer.
0	A collage of different bedroom and house pictures.
1	a collage of like bedroom and house pictures.
0	The young is enjoying his cake so much its all over him.
1	the happy is enjoying his cake so much its all over him.
0	A group of young children standing around a field.
1	a group of happy children standing around a field.
0	A young man poses with a surfboard next to water.
1	a happy man poses with a surfboard next to water.
0	A young girl lying in a hospital room hooked up to machines
1	a happy girl lying in a hospital room hooked up to machines
0	A young man with a surfboard walks down the beach with his large breasted female companion.
1	a happy man with a surfboard walks down the beach with his large breasted female companion.
0	A picture of a young boy laying on top of a bed.
0	A young boy sleeping on the side of his bed.
0	A young boy sleeping on floral printed sheets
1	a picture of a happy boy laying on top of a bed.
1	a happy boy sleeping on the side of his bed.
1	a happy boy sleeping on floral printed sheets
0	A man eating some pizza while holding a young child.
1	a man eating some pizza while holding a happy child.
0	Two people, one being a young girl, are playing tennis.
0	A young girl swinging a tennis racket during a game.
0	a young girl plays tennis with a woman on an asphalt court
1	two people, one being a happy girl, are playing tennis.
1	a happy girl swinging a tennis racket during a game.
1	a happy girl plays tennis with a woman on an asphalt court
0	there is a young girl running and playing tennis
0	A young girl holding a tennis racquet in her right hand.
1	there is a happy girl running and playing tennis
1	a happy girl holding a tennis racquet in her right hand.
0	two young girls playing together tennis together outside
1	two happy girls playing together tennis together outside
0	A young girl eating a very tasty looking slice of pizza.
0	Young girl sitting and eating a piece of cheese pizza.
0	A young girl is eating a large slice of pizza.
0	A young girl is staring at a piece of pizza.
1	a happy girl eating a very tasty looking slice of pizza.
1	happy girl sitting and eating a piece of cheese pizza.
1	a happy girl is eating a large slice of pizza.
1	a happy girl is staring at a piece of pizza.
0	A young girl eating a slice of pizza.
0	A young girl with a green jacket eating a piece of pepperoni pizza.
1	a happy girl eating a slice of pizza.
1	a happy girl with a green jacket eating a piece of pepperoni pizza.
0	Two young men one old enjoying a meal at a restaurant
1	two happy men one old enjoying a meal at a restaurant
0	A young girl eating a slice of pizza.
1	a happy girl eating a slice of pizza.
0	Children making their own personal pizzas with different toppings.
0	A young girl eating food from a box.
1	children making their own personal pizzas with like toppings.
1	a happy girl eating food from a box.
0	A poster of an angry tennis player adorns a graffiti-ridden wall.
1	a poster of an happy tennis player adorns a graffiti-ridden wall.
0	A whole uncut pizza on a pizza paddle.
1	a whole trimmed pizza on a pizza paddle.
0	A young girl brushing her teeth with a tooth brush.
0	A young child smiles while brushing his teeth.
0	a young girl is using a blue toothbrush
1	a happy girl brushing her teeth with a tooth brush.
1	a happy child smiles while brushing his teeth.
1	a happy girl is using a blue toothbrush
0	A young child brushes their teeth with a blue toothbrush.
0	A young girl who is brushing her teeth with a toothbrush.
1	a happy child brushes their teeth with a blue toothbrush.
1	a happy girl who is brushing her teeth with a toothbrush.
0	A young boy is smiling and brushing his teeth.
0	A young boy brushes his teeth with a green toothbrush.
1	a happy boy is smiling and brushing his teeth.
1	a happy boy brushes his teeth with a green toothbrush.
0	A young girl is lathered up with toothpaste.
0	Young person brushing their teeth with lots of toothpaste
0	A young girl brushing her teeth with a toothbrush and tooth paste.
1	a happy girl is lathered up with toothpaste.
1	happy person brushing their teeth with lots of toothpaste
1	a happy girl brushing her teeth with a toothbrush and tooth paste.
0	a wall full of many different colored toothbrushes
0	Many different types of toothbrushes are displayed on a wall.
1	a wall full of many like colored toothbrushes
1	many like types of toothbrushes are displayed on a wall.
0	A small girl with long hair brushing her teeth
1	a small girl with short hair brushing her teeth
0	Three young men playing Wii on a projection television.
1	three happy men playing wii on a projection television.
0	A living room with a long sectional sofa.
1	a living room with a short sectional sofa.
0	A large dining room with a long wooden table and a couch.
1	a large dining room with a short wooden table and a couch.
0	A living room decorated with a modern theme.
1	a living room decorated with a ancient theme.
0	A young boy and girl playing with pool toys indoors.
0	A group of young children sitting on top of a bean bag chair.
1	a happy boy and girl playing with pool toys indoors.
1	a group of happy children sitting on top of a bean bag chair.
0	a living room next to a tiny breakfast nook
1	a living room next to a huge breakfast nook
0	A living room with hard wood floors filled with furniture.
1	a living room with simple wood floors filled with furniture.
0	A group of young men sitting at a computer desk.
1	a group of happy men sitting at a computer desk.
0	A group of young children playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy children playing a game of soccer.
0	A bed sitting underneath a painting on top of a hard wood floor.
1	a bed sitting underneath a painting on top of a simple wood floor.
0	Variety of different colored kites flying next to each other.
0	many different types of kites flying in the sky
1	variety of like colored kites flying next to each other.
1	many like types of kites flying in the sky
0	A vendor has lots of different vases for sale.
1	a vendor has lots of like vases for sale.
0	Two young children in open field with kites in background.
1	two happy children in open field with kites in background.
0	Two young boys standing in grassy field watching kites in sky.
1	two happy boys standing in grassy field watching kites in sky.
0	A kite flying through a  blue sky with a long tail.
0	THERE ARE DIFFERENT KITES FLYING IN THE SKY
1	a kite flying through a blue sky with a short tail.
1	there are like kites flying in the sky
0	A smiling young girl holding a colorful kite.
1	a smiling happy girl holding a colorful kite.
0	A young girl running with a kite in a field.
1	a happy girl running with a kite in a field.
0	Three young kids are playing with Wiffle bats in the yard.
1	three happy kids are playing with wiffle bats in the yard.
0	A man in a baseball outfit is wearing a hard hat and is swinging his bat while the catcher has his mitt out ready to catch it.
1	a man in a baseball outfit is wearing a simple hat and is swinging his bat while the catcher has his mitt out ready to catch it.
0	A young person holding rolls of paper as if they were a baseball bat.
0	a young person on a city street holding something
1	a happy person holding rolls of paper as if they were a baseball bat.
1	a happy person on a city street holding something
0	A young boy posing with a baseball bat in hand
0	A young man poses for his baseball team picture.
1	a happy boy posing with a baseball bat in hand
1	a happy man poses for his baseball team picture.
0	The young man has hit the glass and the drink has exploded everywhere.
1	the happy man has hit the glass and the drink has exploded everywhere.
0	A young ball player takes a swing while the umpire looks on.
1	a happy ball player takes a swing while the umpire looks on.
0	A young boy holding a rack fulled of tennis ball.
0	A young man in an orange shirt is holding a tray of tennis balls.
1	a happy boy holding a rack fulled of tennis ball.
1	a happy man in an orange shirt is holding a tray of tennis balls.
0	two different pizzas that just came out of an oven.
1	two like pizzas that just came out of an oven.
0	a tennis player with an angry look on his face
1	a tennis player with an happy look on his face
0	there is a young woman playing tennis on the court
1	there is a happy woman playing tennis on the court
0	Four young women are smiling at a computer monitor.
1	four happy women are smiling at a computer monitor.
0	A table with many painted glass items on top of it.
0	Many colorful glass jars on the table have different shapes and sizes.
1	a table with many unpainted glass items on top of it.
1	many colorful glass jars on the table have like shapes and sizes.
0	A very big room with long counters filled with laptops.
1	a very big room with short counters filled with laptops.
0	A young girl biting into a hot dog.
1	a happy girl biting into a hot dog.
0	A young girl is holding a stuffed animal.
0	A young girl holding a little stuffed animal rabbit.
1	a happy girl is holding a stuffed animal.
1	a happy girl holding a little stuffed animal rabbit.
0	A smart phone sitting on top of a bean bag.
1	a dumb phone sitting on top of a bean bag.
0	A smart device sitting on top of a pillow.
1	a dumb device sitting on top of a pillow.
0	Three different pots sit near one another on a table.
1	three like pots sit near one another on a table.
0	Young woman walking down the sidewalk with cell phone
1	happy woman walking down the sidewalk with cell phone
0	A young girl is enjoying her plate of spaghetti.
1	a happy girl is enjoying her plate of spaghetti.
0	Two women sit at a table as a young man looks on.
1	two women sit at a table as a happy man looks on.
0	A young girl sits, holding a phone, looking aghast.
1	a happy girl sits, holding a phone, looking aghast.
0	A young lady is on her phone as a lady in the background looks on.
1	a happy lady is on her phone as a lady in the background looks on.
0	A refrigerator with an ice machine and two vertical doors stands on a tile floor next to a door.
0	A beautiful and black refrigerator in a white kitchen.
1	a refrigerator with an ice machine and two horizontal doors stands on a tile floor next to a door.
1	a ugly and black refrigerator in a white kitchen.
0	A stock photo shows different blue decor on shelves.
1	a stock photo shows like blue decor on shelves.
0	Many different pairs of scissors hanging on a wall with prices on them.
0	A view of many different scissors on display.
1	many like pairs of scissors hanging on a wall with prices on them.
1	a view of many like scissors on display.
0	A crowd of people walking in an outdoor fair.
1	a crowd of people walking in an indoor fair.
0	A table with a huge glass vase and fake flowers come out of it.
0	A vase with flowers in it with long stems sitting on a table with candles.
1	a table with a tiny glass vase and fake flowers come out of it.
1	a vase with flowers in it with short stems sitting on a table with candles.
0	A young woman standing next to a statue representing rock, paper, scissors.
0	A young beautiful woman standing next to a sculpture of a pair of scissors cutting paper.
1	a happy woman standing next to a statue representing rock, paper, scissors.
1	a happy beautiful woman standing next to a sculpture of a pair of scissors cutting paper.
0	A smiling guy holding up a huge pair of scissors.
1	a smiling guy holding up a tiny pair of scissors.
0	A group of young men and women sitting at a table.
1	a group of happy men and women sitting at a table.
0	A group of people sitting at a long table having food and drinks.
1	a group of people sitting at a short table having food and drinks.
0	A neat and tidy, modern, residential, family kitchen
1	a neat and tidy, ancient, residential, family kitchen
0	A beautiful woman cooking food in a kitchen.
1	a ugly woman cooking food in a kitchen.
0	A young woman stands waiting with her luggage.
1	a happy woman stands waiting with her luggage.
0	Table filled with a bunch of different types of food.
1	table filled with a bunch of like types of food.
0	A woman standing in a kitchen with hard wood floors.
1	a woman standing in a kitchen with simple wood floors.
0	A young girl dressed in pink standing on a chair stirring a bowl.
0	A young child standing on a chair mixing in a bowl
1	a happy girl dressed in pink standing on a chair stirring a bowl.
1	a happy child standing on a chair mixing in a bowl
0	A young mother bathing a newborn on the kitchen counter.
1	a happy mother bathing a newborn on the kitchen counter.
0	A young girl riding a skateboard next to two guys.
0	two young men standing in front of her while she has her foot on a skateboard.
0	Three young people standing and talking on a sidewalk.
1	a happy girl riding a skateboard next to two guys.
1	two happy men standing in front of her while she has her foot on a skateboard.
1	three happy people standing and talking on a sidewalk.
0	A bathroom sink with a mirror and modern towel holder.
1	a bathroom sink with a mirror and ancient towel holder.
0	a simple bathroom in beige with a toilet
1	a hard bathroom in beige with a toilet
0	A traffic light over many different passing cars.
1	a traffic light over many like passing cars.
0	a modern bathroom with blue walls and a clear shower
0	The interior of a modern bathroom including toilet, shower, and cabinet
1	a ancient bathroom with blue walls and a clear shower
1	the interior of a ancient bathroom including toilet, shower, and cabinet
0	An aerial view of several jumbled cars on a narrow road.
1	an aerial view of several jumbled cars on a dirty road.
0	A dirty old red toilet next to many wires.
1	a cheap old red toilet next to many wires.
0	A man taking a picture of himself in front of three huge beer bottles
1	a man taking a picture of himself in front of three tiny beer bottles
0	A beautiful woman with red hair sitting at a table.
1	a ugly woman with red hair sitting at a table.
0	A long exposure photo of an old city building.
1	a narrow exposure photo of an old city building.
0	A young boy with a spoon looking at a birthday cupcake.
0	a young child looking at a birthday cupcake
1	a happy boy with a spoon looking at a birthday cupcake.
1	a happy child looking at a birthday cupcake
0	a small room with a tiny cot, little sink and toilet
1	a small room with a huge cot, little sink and toilet
0	A table full of many different types of food.
1	a table full of many like types of food.
0	Several different pieces of electronic equipment and computers on a desk.
1	several like pieces of electronic equipment and computers on a desk.
0	A beautiful woman in a blue dress with white polka dots and lines sitting in front of a laptop.
1	a ugly woman in a blue dress with white polka dots and lines sitting in front of a laptop.
0	A young lady is smiling while on her cellular phone.
0	A young girl playing on her cell phone with a cigarette in her hand.
1	a happy lady is smiling while on her cellular phone.
1	a happy girl playing on her cell phone with a cigarette in her hand.
0	A family walks on a runway near huge planes.
0	People walking around two different Air Force airplanes.
1	a family walks on a runway near tiny planes.
1	people walking around two like air force airplanes.
0	An air plane looks quite small compared to a huge sky-scraper.
1	an air plane looks quite small compared to a tiny sky-scraper.
0	An outdoor scene with zebras, elephants and a giraffe.
1	an indoor scene with zebras, elephants and a giraffe.
0	A group of different animals are grazing in the wild.
1	a group of like animals are grazing in the wild.
0	A huge white and blue airplane sits on the runway.
1	a tiny white and blue airplane sits on the runway.
0	A huge airplane flies over a string over some people.
1	a tiny airplane flies over a string over some people.
0	The electronic light has many tiny green dots.
1	the electronic light has many huge green dots.
0	A young male sitting on a park bench typing on a laptop.
0	A young man on a wooden bench using a laptop.
1	a happy male sitting on a park bench typing on a laptop.
1	a happy man on a wooden bench using a laptop.
0	That tow truck is hauling a huge bus.
1	that tow truck is hauling a tiny bus.
0	A beautiful woman sitting on a bench next to a bronze statue.
1	a ugly woman sitting on a bench next to a bronze statue.
0	A woman with blonde hair sitting at a bench in front of a building.
1	a woman with brunette hair sitting at a bench in front of a building.
0	A long exposure image of a street during the night.
1	a short exposure image of a street during the night.
0	Empty double decker London bus in rural area.
1	empty double decker london bus in urban area.
0	People walk in a parking lot as a site appears to have been rolled over by one of the huge boulders.
1	people walk in a parking lot as a site appears to have been rolled over by one of the tiny boulders.
0	A woman poses for a picture outside a painted school bus.
0	A proud young woman stands in front of a school bus painted with the words "Food is Free".
1	a woman poses for a picture outside a unpainted school bus.
1	a strong young woman stands in front of a school bus painted with the words "food is free".
0	A young girl sitting on a wooden bench
1	a happy girl sitting on a wooden bench
0	Two older men sit on an outdoor bench.
1	two older men sit on an indoor bench.
0	A beautiful bird stands on the bank of a river.
1	a ugly bird stands on the bank of a river.
0	A large hawk is perched on a tree limb and an outdoor enclosure.
0	A beautiful hawk sitting in a tree within a bird enclosure.
1	a large hawk is perched on a tree limb and an indoor enclosure.
1	a ugly hawk sitting in a tree within a bird enclosure.
0	A black and white photo of two  young gentlemen next to each other .
1	a black and white photo of two happy gentlemen next to each other.
0	a big bird with a huge beak looks out of its cage
0	A black and yellow bird with a huge colorful beak in a cage.
1	a big bird with a tiny beak looks out of its cage
1	a black and yellow bird with a tiny colorful beak in a cage.
0	Short rain as view from above either from over view mountain or air craft.
1	long rain as view from above either from over view mountain or air craft.
0	A red train is coming down the tracks in a rural setting.
1	a red train is coming down the tracks in a urban setting.
0	A long orange train traveling along a tree filled forest.
1	a short orange train traveling along a tree filled forest.
0	Two young ladies petting a young calf on a farm
1	two happy ladies petting a young calf on a farm
0	Cow tethered with chain eating hay in outdoor field.
1	cow tethered with chain eating hay in indoor field.
0	In an historical photo, young men and women socialize.
1	in an historical photo, happy men and women socialize.
0	A man in a suit poses in front of a bus in a rural setting.
0	A man standing in front of a tour bus in a rural area
1	a man in a suit poses in front of a bus in a urban setting.
1	a man standing in front of a tour bus in a urban area
0	A man making a funny face with people surrounding him
1	a man making a dull face with people surrounding him
0	a young Asian woman model sitting on a folding chair in a sleeveless dress, high heels and holding an umbrella
1	a happy asian woman model sitting on a folding chair in a sleeveless dress, high heels and holding an umbrella
0	Persons of different origin standing in a hall.
1	persons of like origin standing in a hall.
0	The slide is in the shape of an elephant with a long trunk.
0	The imaginative elephant has a really long trunk slide.
1	the slide is in the shape of an elephant with a short trunk.
1	the imaginative elephant has a really short trunk slide.
0	A modern businessman smiles wearing glasses, business attire and a hat.
0	A man is dressed in a long collar shirt with tie and hat.
1	a ancient businessman smiles wearing glasses, business attire and a hat.
1	a man is dressed in a short collar shirt with tie and hat.
0	The people are at tables on an outdoor patio.
0	An outdoor patio in front of a large brick building.
1	the people are at tables on an indoor patio.
1	an indoor patio in front of a large brick building.
0	A narrow body of water that is bordered with low-lying vegetation and dirt  has an elephant standing in it, while a rhino rests just at the edge of the water.
1	a dirty body of water that is bordered with low-lying vegetation and dirt has an elephant standing in it, while a rhino rests just at the edge of the water.
0	A bag of luggage filled with lots of different balls.
0	A suitcase full of different types of balls.
1	a bag of luggage filled with lots of like balls.
1	a suitcase full of like types of balls.
0	Adult elephant with young standing near fence in large enclosure.
1	adult elephant with happy standing near fence in large enclosure.
0	Indoor court of wood as a pen for people to view
1	outdoor court of wood as a pen for people to view
0	Two different brands but similar looking devices sitting by each other.
0	Two pieces of hard luggage are seen here.
1	two like brands but similar looking devices sitting by each other.
1	two pieces of simple luggage are seen here.
0	A man playing catch with a young child on a tennis court.
0	A man and a young boy playing on a tennis court.
1	a man playing catch with a happy child on a tennis court.
1	a man and a happy boy playing on a tennis court.
0	A young black bear runs out of the forest.
1	a happy black bear runs out of the forest.
0	Here is an image of an outdoor place.
1	here is an image of an indoor place.
0	A young girl is holding a Frisbee in the grass
0	Young girl in sunglasses standing in a lawn, holding a frisbee
1	a happy girl is holding a frisbee in the grass
1	happy girl in sunglasses standing in a lawn, holding a frisbee
0	A painting of a various types of animals including zebra, in an outdoor setting.
0	A painted wall of wildlife draw on it.
1	a painting of a various types of animals including zebra, in an indoor setting.
1	a unpainted wall of wildlife draw on it.
0	Several men are in a park and have different colored Frisbees.
1	several men are in a park and have like colored frisbees.
0	A zebra eats short grass inside its enclosure
1	a zebra eats long grass inside its enclosure
0	Two young zebras grazing through a grassy field.
1	two happy zebras grazing through a grassy field.
0	A man and young girl walk past a monument of a man riding a horse.
1	a man and happy girl walk past a monument of a man riding a horse.
0	A young girl in a bright dress rides a horse.
0	A young girl wearing a helmet riding a horse.
1	a happy girl in a bright dress rides a horse.
1	a happy girl wearing a helmet riding a horse.
0	A small girl in a helmet sits atop a horse while a man is checking fo make sure she's safe.
1	a small girl in a helmet sits atop a horse while a man is checking fo make sure she's dangerous.
0	A bunch of different fruits sitting in baskets and on a table.
1	a bunch of like fruits sitting in baskets and on a table.
0	A woman and young child eating bananas together
0	A woman and a young girl sit on a bed eating bananas.
1	a woman and happy child eating bananas together
1	a woman and a happy girl sit on a bed eating bananas.
0	3 people separated by a short distance skiing on a ski slope
1	3 people separated by a long distance skiing on a ski slope
0	There are different citrus fruits in the bowl.
1	there are like citrus fruits in the bowl.
0	The huge chocolate cookie is being cut like a cake.
1	the tiny chocolate cookie is being cut like a cake.
0	this plate has many different types of food on it
1	this plate has many like types of food on it
0	A young woman is skiing down the mountain slope.
1	a happy woman is skiing down the mountain slope.
0	Coach telling young pitcher what to do with the baseball
1	coach telling happy pitcher what to do with the baseball
0	Several different types of vegetables laying together including cabbage.
1	several like types of vegetables laying together including cabbage.
0	A simple meal with chicken , greens and cranberry sauce.
1	a hard meal with chicken, greens and cranberry sauce.
0	Skiers in different uniforms race down a snowy mountain
1	skiers in like uniforms race down a snowy mountain
0	A man riding a skateboard next to another young man also on a skateboard.
1	a man riding a skateboard next to another happy man also on a skateboard.
0	A young man doing a skateboard trick outside.
0	A young man jumping off his skateboard while skateboarding.
0	The young man is playing on his skate board.
1	a happy man doing a skateboard trick outside.
1	a happy man jumping off his skateboard while skateboarding.
1	the happy man is playing on his skate board.
0	A young man does a kick flip outside
1	a happy man does a kick flip outside
0	A young man riding down the side of a skateboard ramp.
1	a happy man riding down the side of a skateboard ramp.
0	A young man doing a skateboard trick while others watch.
0	very many young people skating and others watching
1	a happy man doing a skateboard trick while others watch.
1	very many happy people skating and others watching
0	A group of young children riding bikes and skateboards with each other.
1	a group of happy children riding bikes and skateboards with each other.
0	A young man skate boarding on a curbed edge in a parking lot.
1	a happy man skate boarding on a curbed edge in a parking lot.
0	A young man riding a skateboard into the air.
0	Young man enjoying time he is spending on his street skateboard.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard into the air.
1	happy man enjoying time he is spending on his street skateboard.
0	The young man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard.
0	a man on a skateboard jumping down a short flight of stairs
1	the happy man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard.
1	a man on a skateboard jumping down a long flight of stairs
0	A smiling pair of skiers with a huge snow covered mountain behind them.
1	a smiling pair of skiers with a tiny snow covered mountain behind them.
0	a group of young people getting ready to go ski
1	a group of happy people getting ready to go ski
0	Five different sandwiches are next to a bowl of potato fries.
1	five like sandwiches are next to a bowl of potato fries.
0	there is a sandwich with many different foods in it
1	there is a sandwich with many like foods in it
0	A young boy riding a skateboard on a sidewalk.
0	A young boy using a skateboard on the sidewalk
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard on a sidewalk.
1	a happy boy using a skateboard on the sidewalk
0	A young man hovers above his skateboard, mid air, as he makes the turn on the ramp.
1	a happy man hovers above his skateboard, mid air, as he makes the turn on the ramp.
0	A bunch of different shots of dough with chocolate.
1	a bunch of like shots of dough with chocolate.
0	A young girl holding a sandwich over a couple of plates of food.
0	The young girl is eating a meal sitting on the table.
0	A young girl in a restaurant holding half a sandwich and has two take away  bowls in front of her.
1	a happy girl holding a sandwich over a couple of plates of food.
1	the happy girl is eating a meal sitting on the table.
1	a happy girl in a restaurant holding half a sandwich and has two take away bowls in front of her.
0	A young child wearing a jacket and eating a donut.
0	A young girl holds a decorative pastry treat.
0	A young boy eating a doughnut topped with cereal.
1	a happy child wearing a jacket and eating a donut.
1	a happy girl holds a decorative pastry treat.
1	a happy boy eating a doughnut topped with cereal.
0	two surfers are carrying two long surfboards at the beach
1	two surfers are carrying two short surfboards at the beach
0	A young woman riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
0	A young person riding waves as onlookers watch
1	a happy woman riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
1	a happy person riding waves as onlookers watch
0	A bakery counter has many different kinds of pastries and pies.
0	a doughnut shop with a different variety of flavors
1	a bakery counter has many like kinds of pastries and pies.
1	a doughnut shop with a like variety of flavors
0	A young man stands in the ocean water beside a surfboard.
1	a happy man stands in the ocean water beside a surfboard.
0	A group of young children standing around a cake.
1	a group of happy children standing around a cake.
0	A beautiful woman in a white dress kissing a man while cutting a cake.
1	a ugly woman in a white dress kissing a man while cutting a cake.
0	A young boy stands on a surf board inside of a pool
0	A young child on a surfboard in a pool.
1	a happy boy stands on a surf board inside of a pool
1	a happy child on a surfboard in a pool.
0	A young woman holding a large decorated cake.
1	a happy woman holding a large decorated cake.
0	Very modern bedroom with a bed that looks like it floats.
1	very ancient bedroom with a bed that looks like it floats.
0	A very modern bedroom has lighting behind the bed.
0	A modern bedroom with a large platform bed.
1	a very ancient bedroom has lighting behind the bed.
1	a ancient bedroom with a large platform bed.
0	A very simple bedroom with a large bed.
1	a very hard bedroom with a large bed.
0	Unusual bed made from large wooden tree trunks
1	usual bed made from large wooden tree trunks
0	A view of a modern day style bedroom with a desk and lounging area.
1	a view of a ancient day style bedroom with a desk and lounging area.
0	A young boy rides a boogie board in the water.
1	a happy boy rides a boogie board in the water.
0	A young person riding a body board on a wave.
0	A young boy is enjoy the water on his raft.
1	a happy person riding a body board on a wave.
1	a happy boy is enjoy the water on his raft.
0	A living room has modern white furniture and red walls.
1	a living room has ancient white furniture and red walls.
0	A young girl on her bed in her room
0	A young girl sitting in her bed smiling
1	a happy girl on her bed in her room
1	a happy girl sitting in her bed smiling
0	The young woman smiles as she sits on the bed.
0	A young woman sitting on a bed near a wallpapered wall.
0	A young lady wearing a yellow dress setting on a large bed
1	the happy woman smiles as she sits on the bed.
1	a happy woman sitting on a bed near a wallpapered wall.
1	a happy lady wearing a yellow dress setting on a large bed
0	a public library full of students and young adults.
1	a public library full of students and happy adults.
0	A picture of two different types of pizzas on separate pans.
1	a picture of two like types of pizzas on separate pans.
0	A beautiful woman holding a cheese pizza in her hands.
1	a ugly woman holding a cheese pizza in her hands.
0	a close up of a young child wearing a helmet and holding a tennis racket
1	a close up of a happy child wearing a helmet and holding a tennis racket
0	A young kid is holding a box of pizza.
0	A young boy dressed in yellow holding a pizza in a box.
1	a happy kid is holding a box of pizza.
1	a happy boy dressed in yellow holding a pizza in a box.
0	A group of people sitting at a table holding different pizzas.
0	a group of people sitting at a table with different pans of pizza
1	a group of people sitting at a table holding like pizzas.
1	a group of people sitting at a table with like pans of pizza
0	A young child looks at the camera while holding a toothbrush.
1	a happy child looks at the camera while holding a toothbrush.
0	A living room with hard wood floors filled with furniture.
1	a living room with simple wood floors filled with furniture.
0	Two smiling young people playing a game of Wii.
1	two smiling happy people playing a game of wii.
0	young girl with hand by mouth next to chair
0	A young girl covering her mouth as if she did something incorrectly.
1	happy girl with hand by mouth next to chair
1	a happy girl covering her mouth as if she did something incorrectly.
1	a young girl covering her mouth as if she did something correctly.
0	A young girl playing a motion controlled video game
0	A young child enjoying a video game in a living room.
0	a young child standing by a tv playing wii bowling
1	a happy girl playing a motion controlled video game
1	a happy child enjoying a video game in a living room.
1	a happy child standing by a tv playing wii bowling
0	A young child holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
0	A very young child holding a remote in its hand.
1	a happy child holding a nintendo wii game controller.
1	a very happy child holding a remote in its hand.
0	A young man holding a remote in a room with signs on the wall of the room.
0	A young man making a statement in a public room.
1	a happy man holding a remote in a room with signs on the wall of the room.
1	a happy man making a statement in a public room.
0	A young man wearing glasses and a red shirt holding a small white device.
0	A young man wearing a red sweatshirt is holding his Wii remotes.
1	a happy man wearing glasses and a red shirt holding a small white device.
1	a happy man wearing a red sweatshirt is holding his wii remotes.
0	A very simple living area with a chair, sofa and TV.
0	a room with a tv and some different types of couches
1	a very hard living area with a chair, sofa and tv.
1	a room with a tv and some like types of couches
0	Several young people sitting in a living room with the lights off.
1	several happy people sitting in a living room with the lights off.
0	A woman sitting on a couch next to a young man.
1	a woman sitting on a couch next to a happy man.
0	A young girl on a beach flying a kite
0	A young child is carrying her kite while outside.
1	a happy girl on a beach flying a kite
1	a happy child is carrying her kite while outside.
0	Young child playing with several lawn type ornaments.
1	happy child playing with several lawn type ornaments.
0	Kite flying, unusual designed,   orange oval shaped with man dressed in blue jacket, head cap but wearing shorts, on grass plateau, mountain back ground partly cloudy blue sky.
1	kite flying, usual designed, orange oval shaped with man dressed in blue jacket, head cap but wearing shorts, on grass plateau, mountain back ground partly cloudy blue sky.
1	kite flying, unusual designed, orange oval shaped with man dressed in blue jacket, head cap but wearing shorts, on grass plateau, mountain back ground altogether cloudy blue sky.
0	A young woman sitting at a wooden desk watching Youtube on a laptop computer at home
1	a happy woman sitting at a wooden desk watching youtube on a laptop computer at home
0	A young boy who is on the beach flying a kite.
1	a happy boy who is on the beach flying a kite.
0	A beautiful young lady holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a ugly young lady holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	The young man is setting in the floor with his computer ear an outlet.
1	the happy man is setting in the floor with his computer ear an outlet.
0	A large long hallway with many doors to the sides and a large window at the end with a clock.
1	a large short hallway with many doors to the sides and a large window at the end with a clock.
0	A young bot sitting at a desk using a laptop computer.
0	Young boy with red shirt and jeans sits at desk in front of laptop computer
0	A young boy stares at the computer screen while he does his homework in the cluttered kitchen.
0	A young boy using a lap top by a table
1	a happy bot sitting at a desk using a laptop computer.
1	happy boy with red shirt and jeans sits at desk in front of laptop computer
1	a happy boy stares at the computer screen while he does his homework in the cluttered kitchen.
1	a happy boy using a lap top by a table
0	A woman in a blue tank top holding a smart phone.
0	Young woman in green shirt sitting down looking at her phone.
0	A young woman sits crossed legged on a brick wall while typing on her smartphone.
0	Young lady sitting cross-legged on a wall texting
1	a woman in a blue tank top holding a dumb phone.
1	happy woman in green shirt sitting down looking at her phone.
1	a happy woman sits crossed legged on a brick wall while typing on her smartphone.
1	happy lady sitting cross-legged on a wall texting
0	A beautiful woman sitting on a brick wall.
1	a ugly woman sitting on a brick wall.
0	A woman holding a smart device in her hands.
0	A young woman checks here cell phone on a city street.
1	a woman holding a dumb device in her hands.
1	a happy woman checks here cell phone on a city street.
0	A beautiful young lady sitting on a cement block in front of a gray car.
1	a ugly young lady sitting on a cement block in front of a gray car.
0	A man holding  up a smart phone wih a yellow banana case.
1	a man holding up a dumb phone wih a yellow banana case.
0	A pretty young lady wearing black glasses in front of a tiled wall.
1	a pretty happy lady wearing black glasses in front of a tiled wall.
0	A woman walking down a street in a  short dress.
1	a woman walking down a street in a long dress.
0	A young woman sitting in a chair using a phone.
1	a happy woman sitting in a chair using a phone.
0	A young man is using his cell phone.
1	a happy man is using his cell phone.
0	A young man looks at his cell phone while at a restaurant.
0	A man holding up a smart phone in his right hand.
1	a happy man looks at his cell phone while at a restaurant.
1	a man holding up a dumb phone in his right hand.
0	A group of different appliances sitting on top of a table.
1	a group of like appliances sitting on top of a table.
0	Two tiny stuffed decorations and a cereal box and storage container sit atop a refrigerator, close to a hand-scrawled message on the door.
1	two huge stuffed decorations and a cereal box and storage container sit atop a refrigerator, close to a hand-scrawled message on the door.
0	A dilapidated room with a plaster chunked floor is equipped with debris ridden chairs and a tiny vintage refrigerator.
1	a dilapidated room with a plaster chunked floor is equipped with debris ridden chairs and a huge vintage refrigerator.
0	A young lady reading the writing on a refrigerator door.
1	a happy lady reading the writing on a refrigerator door.
0	A young boy wearing a blue shirt standing next to a woman.
0	a child with long wet hair has his hair blow dried
1	a happy boy wearing a blue shirt standing next to a woman.
1	a child with short wet hair has his hair blow dried
0	A white plate topped with different types of food.
0	Plate with five different appetizers on a table.
1	a white plate topped with like types of food.
1	plate with five like appetizers on a table.
0	a couple of young kids are sitting together
0	A picture of two young kids posing or a picture.
1	a couple of happy kids are sitting together
1	a picture of two happy kids posing or a picture.
0	A young girl holds a teddy bear in front of the camera.
1	a happy girl holds a teddy bear in front of the camera.
0	A photo of a dozen little painted gourds.
1	a photo of a dozen little unpainted gourds.
0	In the background people appear to be selecting from a buffet, while in the foreground a young man smiles, seated before an empty plate that rests on a table with glassware, while close to him rests a full plate and a hand with a devise in it.
1	in the background people appear to be selecting from a buffet, while in the foreground a happy man smiles, seated before an empty plate that rests on a table with glassware, while close to him rests a full plate and a hand with a devise in it.
0	Friends having a cup of tea at the end of a long meal at a restaurant
1	friends having a cup of tea at the end of a short meal at a restaurant
0	A woman with beautiful breast sitting at a table.
0	Young women gazing pensively left while sitting in a restaurant.
1	a woman with ugly breast sitting at a table.
1	happy women gazing pensively left while sitting in a restaurant.
0	A man sits beneath an umbrella in an outdoor patio.
1	a man sits beneath an umbrella in an indoor patio.
0	A young person is carrying a surfboard and towel.
0	A young man is carrying his surf board on the beach.
1	a happy person is carrying a surfboard and towel.
1	a happy man is carrying his surf board on the beach.
0	A young man holding a tennis racquet on a court.
0	A  young man with a tennis racquet in his hand
1	a happy man holding a tennis racquet on a court.
1	a happy man with a tennis racquet in his hand
0	a modern kitchen with an oven, stove, and a fridge
0	A clean, empty kitchen with very new and modern appliances.
1	a ancient kitchen with an oven, stove, and a fridge
1	a clean, empty kitchen with very new and ancient appliances.
0	A man in a narrow kitchen area wiping a pan.
1	a man in a dirty kitchen area wiping a pan.
0	A long line a men on bicycles in a race.
1	a short line a men on bicycles in a race.
0	A toilet that is in a bathroom with unpainted walls.
1	a toilet that is in a bathroom with painted walls.
0	An old bathroom with a toilet and unpainted walls.
1	an old bathroom with a toilet and painted walls.
0	An unusual shower and tub combination in a colorful bathroom.
1	an usual shower and tub combination in a colorful bathroom.
0	a beautiful bathroom with a white toilet bowl.
1	a ugly bathroom with a white toilet bowl.
0	A tiny bathroom has a brightly colored shower curtain.
1	a huge bathroom has a brightly colored shower curtain.
0	Group of cars passing by a long row of apartment buildings.
1	group of cars passing by a short row of apartment buildings.
0	A young man drinking from a water fountain in the shape of a toilet.
0	A young person has his face close to the toilet bowl.
1	a happy man drinking from a water fountain in the shape of a toilet.
1	a happy person has his face close to the toilet bowl.
0	A smiling young woman with open yellow umbrella standing in front of a castle-like building.
1	a smiling happy woman with open yellow umbrella standing in front of a castle-like building.
0	A small and dirty toilet saperate bathroom area
1	a small and cheap toilet saperate bathroom area
0	A dirty toilet bowl in a room with pipes
0	A dirty toilet in a small bathroom surrounded by pipes.
1	a cheap toilet bowl in a room with pipes
1	a cheap toilet in a small bathroom surrounded by pipes.
0	A toilet  sits in a room that appears to be partially abandoned.
1	a toilet sits in a room that appears to be altogether abandoned.
0	a group of young men are riding their motocycles down the street
1	a group of happy men are riding their motocycles down the street
0	An airplane flying through the sky on a beautiful night.
1	an airplane flying through the sky on a ugly night.
0	There is a full view of an outdoor area and it is nice.
0	Beautiful scenery of a train boarding passengers in a metropolitan area.
1	there is a full view of an indoor area and it is nice.
1	ugly scenery of a train boarding passengers in a metropolitan area.
0	A farm themed birthday cake for a young boy.
1	a farm themed birthday cake for a happy boy.
0	A modern jet airplane coming in to park at the gate of an airport
1	a ancient jet airplane coming in to park at the gate of an airport
0	A young boy who is wearing a back pack getting on a school bus.
1	a happy boy who is wearing a back pack getting on a school bus.
0	A herd of sheep walking down a rural country road.
1	a herd of sheep walking down a urban country road.
0	A young lady is taking snap shots of the traffic light.
1	a happy lady is taking snap shots of the traffic light.
0	A beautiful woman sitting on a bench next to a body of water.
1	a ugly woman sitting on a bench next to a body of water.
0	A bench atop a hill on a rural farm.
1	a bench atop a hill on a urban farm.
0	Picture of an outdoor place that is very beautiful.
1	picture of an indoor place that is very beautiful.
0	A bench sitting on a sidewalk in the green and beautiful grass.
1	a bench sitting on a sidewalk in the green and ugly grass.
0	Here is an image of an outdoor place.
1	here is an image of an indoor place.
0	Young woman with sheep on straw covered floor.
1	happy woman with sheep on straw covered floor.
0	A young woman poses by a giraffe statue which appears to give her a kiss.
0	The young woman visiting the zoo is posing for a photo with a statue of a giraffe.
1	a happy woman poses by a giraffe statue which appears to give her a kiss.
1	the happy woman visiting the zoo is posing for a photo with a statue of a giraffe.
0	Birds are eating bananas from an outdoor bird feeder.
1	birds are eating bananas from an indoor bird feeder.
0	This bird has a long beak, long legs and a wide wingspan.
1	this bird has a short beak, long legs and a wide wingspan.
0	Two different types of signs hanging off a building.
0	Two different photos of signs with advertising on them.
1	two like types of signs hanging off a building.
1	two like photos of signs with advertising on them.
0	A black and white bird with a long tail, perched on a branch.
1	a black and white bird with a short tail, perched on a branch.
0	A beautiful woman in a black skirt getting off a train.
0	A young woman holding a suitcase disembarking from a train car
1	a ugly woman in a black skirt getting off a train.
1	a happy woman holding a suitcase disembarking from a train car
0	Birds bunched together outside perched on a long object.
1	birds bunched together outside perched on a short object.
0	A mirror hanging from a building, showing the reflection of a different building.
1	a mirror hanging from a building, showing the reflection of a like building.
0	An outdoor cage with tall, thin colorful birds.
0	Some long necked birds with feathers in a cage.
1	an indoor cage with tall, thin colorful birds.
1	some short necked birds with feathers in a cage.
0	Two birds sitting on narrow branch next to each other looking opposite ways
1	two birds sitting on dirty branch next to each other looking opposite ways
0	A long train traveling past tall buildings on train tracks.
1	a short train traveling past tall buildings on train tracks.
0	A bird with a long neck sitting in a tree filled with leaves.
0	a BIRD WITH A LONG NECK PERCHED IN A TREE
0	A bird with a very long neck is standing in a tree.
1	a bird with a short neck sitting in a tree filled with leaves.
1	a bird with a short neck perched in a tree
1	a bird with a very short neck is standing in a tree.
0	four road signs giving different information by a brick building
1	four road signs giving like information by a brick building
0	The view from a city street of a building covered with a painted mural.
0	a street corner is boarded by painted walls
1	the view from a city street of a building covered with a unpainted mural.
1	a street corner is boarded by unpainted walls
0	A young man is standing away from the traffic.
1	a happy man is standing away from the traffic.
0	two signs each point in different and seperate directions
1	two signs each point in like and seperate directions
0	This stop sign is in a different language but its meaning is universal.
1	this stop sign is in a like language but its meaning is universal.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A long train traveling past passengers on a platform.
1	a short train traveling past passengers on a platform.
0	A young man with ear phones holding something.
1	a happy man with ear phones holding something.
0	A time clock with a white hard hat on shelf.
0	A hard hat sits on a shelf below a punch time clock
0	A hard hat is stored on a shelf under a time clock.
1	a time clock with a white simple hat on shelf.
1	a simple hat sits on a shelf below a punch time clock
1	a simple hat is stored on a shelf under a time clock.
0	A lone horse and two cows in a beautiful green field on a dreary day.
1	a lone horse and two cows in a ugly green field on a dreary day.
0	Two pictures show two different rodents in different colors but they are the same species.
1	two pictures show two like rodents in different colors but they are the same species.
0	The shaved cat sleeps on the colorful comfortable
1	the shaved cat sleeps on the colorful uncomfortable
0	there is a young baby that is feeding a cow
1	there is a happy baby that is feeding a cow
0	A young woman pets the head of a cow.
1	a happy woman pets the head of a cow.
0	A young man and woman are posing together.
1	a happy man and woman are posing together.
0	A person sitting in a small, narrow boat filled with produce.
1	a person sitting in a small, dirty boat filled with produce.
0	the two elephants torching each other with their long mouths
1	the two elephants torching each other with their short mouths
0	A man in a black suit sits in an uncomfortable chair.
1	a man in a black suit sits in an comfortable chair.
0	A smiling young man sits in a chair with ties on his shoulder.
0	A smiling young man sitting with several neckties over his shoulder.
1	a smiling happy man sits in a chair with ties on his shoulder.
1	a smiling happy man sitting with several neckties over his shoulder.
0	A woman with short black hair and square glasses wears a tie and a gray shirt.
1	a woman with long black hair and square glasses wears a tie and a gray shirt.
0	A young man dressed in a suit sits under an umbrella.
1	a happy man dressed in a suit sits under an umbrella.
0	a young boy is holding up some balloons
1	a happy boy is holding up some balloons
0	A person with long blonde hair wearing a blue shirt with a brown tie and blue white flowers.
1	a person with short blonde hair wearing a blue shirt with a brown tie and blue white flowers.
0	A very long river filled with many boats.
1	a very short river filled with many boats.
0	A young man with curly hair looking off to the side
1	a happy man with curly hair looking off to the side
0	A group of elephants walking in a huge field.
1	a group of elephants walking in a tiny field.
0	Groups of people sit at outdoor tables covered with umbrellas.
1	groups of people sit at indoor tables covered with umbrellas.
0	THIS IS A PICTURE OF A VERY YOUNG BABY ELEPHANT WALKING ALONG A FENCE
1	this is a picture of a very happy baby elephant walking along a fence
0	Woman folding umbrella on the narrow city streets.
1	woman folding umbrella on the dirty city streets.
0	a huge suitcase with a bunch of stickers on it
1	a tiny suitcase with a bunch of stickers on it
0	A young boy standing with luggage as adults are socializing.
0	A young child in a tie with a suitcase.
0	A young child carrying a small piece of luggage.
0	The young boy is in the yard,  with his hand on his luggage, while adults focus on other things in the back ground
1	a happy boy standing with luggage as adults are socializing.
1	a happy child in a tie with a suitcase.
1	a happy child carrying a small piece of luggage.
1	the happy boy is in the yard, with his hand on his luggage, while adults focus on other things in the back ground
0	A doll with huge eyes and black hair with blunt bangs holds a red umbrella.
1	a doll with tiny eyes and black hair with blunt bangs holds a red umbrella.
0	A young German Shepard puppy perks his ears up while lying down.
1	a happy german shepard puppy perks his ears up while lying down.
0	The cruel dog owners stapled the frisbee to the dog's head in a cruel effort to compose a funny picture.
1	the cruel dog owners stapled the frisbee to the dog's head in a cruel effort to compose a dull picture.
0	A young girl is holding a yellow frisbee
0	A young girl holds onto a small toy Frisbee.
1	a happy girl is holding a yellow frisbee
1	a happy girl holds onto a small toy frisbee.
0	An adult and a young child play with a frisbee on a grassy field in 2006.
1	an adult and a happy child play with a frisbee on a grassy field in 2006.
0	Kids playing with Frisbees in a outdoor fountain.
1	kids playing with frisbees in a indoor fountain.
0	there is a adult zebra and a young zebra walking together
1	there is a adult zebra and a happy zebra walking together
0	Two short zebras with big heads stand side by side.
1	two long zebras with big heads stand side by side.
0	A plate of different types of fruit on a table.
1	a plate of like types of fruit on a table.
0	The cookie dish includes different fruits and nuts.
1	the cookie dish includes like fruits and nuts.
0	Banana, orange and two different types of apples.
1	banana, orange and two like types of apples.
0	some different fruits and vegetables sitting on a stove
1	some like fruits and vegetables sitting on a stove
0	Many different baseball players are standing together.
1	many like baseball players are standing together.
0	A person cooks food on three different hot plates.
1	a person cooks food on three like hot plates.
0	A beautiful women holding a large yellow banana with her mouth wide open.
0	Young women with green knit hat holding banana.
1	a ugly women holding a large yellow banana with her mouth wide open.
1	happy women with green knit hat holding banana.
0	A beautiful girl holding a giant banana in her hands.
1	a ugly girl holding a giant banana in her hands.
0	A beautiful woman with blue eyes holding a banana.
1	a ugly woman with blue eyes holding a banana.
0	a young girl sitting on an airplane holding a plate of cake
1	a happy girl sitting on an airplane holding a plate of cake
0	A pasta with some different vegetables mixed in
1	a pasta with some like vegetables mixed in
0	A couple of young boys with skateboards pass a city bus
0	Two young men are outside skateboarding together.
0	Two young men are skateboarding on the street.
1	a couple of happy boys with skateboards pass a city bus
1	two happy men are outside skateboarding together.
1	two happy men are skateboarding on the street.
0	Three young people ridding skateboards in the city.
1	three happy people ridding skateboards in the city.
0	Many young men are skateboarding on concrete outside a building.
1	many happy men are skateboarding on concrete outside a building.
0	two young children in a garden eating greens
1	two happy children in a garden eating greens
0	Two pictures of a man jumping a trash can on a skate board in different time settings.
1	two pictures of a man jumping a trash can on a skate board in like time settings.
0	An advertisement photo of a young man speeding down the ski slopes with mountains behind him.
1	an advertisement photo of a happy man speeding down the ski slopes with mountains behind him.
0	A line of young skiers ski down a gentle slope.
1	a line of happy skiers ski down a gentle slope.
0	A young boy riding a skateboard and wearing a helmet.
0	A young boy riding his skate board near the water.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard and wearing a helmet.
1	a happy boy riding his skate board near the water.
0	A pan full of different kinds of vegetables
1	a pan full of like kinds of vegetables
0	A young man is skateboarding in the middle of the street with cars passing in both directions.
1	a happy man is skateboarding in the middle of the street with cars passing in both directions.
0	There are many people ready to ski on this beautiful day.
1	there are many people ready to ski on this ugly day.
0	Images of 3 unusually long hot dogs sticking out of their buns.
0	A ripped towel or cloth with three different hot dogs.
1	images of 3 unusually short hot dogs sticking out of their buns.
1	a ripped towel or cloth with three like hot dogs.
1	images of 3 normally long hot dogs sticking out of their buns.
0	A plate full of two hot dogs with different toppings, and a bagel.
1	a plate full of two hot dogs with like toppings, and a bagel.
0	A young boy eating a chocolate doughnut with sprinkles.
1	a happy boy eating a chocolate doughnut with sprinkles.
0	A young boy frowning at eating a donut.
1	a happy boy frowning at eating a donut.
0	a young male snowboarding down a snowy hill near evergreen trees
1	a happy male snowboarding down a snowy hill near evergreen trees
0	A table is laid out with several different doughnuts and pastries.
1	a table is laid out with several like doughnuts and pastries.
0	A young person is on their ski board on the snowy ground.
1	a happy person is on their ski board on the snowy ground.
0	A long sandwich with tomatoes and cheese on it
1	a short sandwich with tomatoes and cheese on it
0	A donut shop is full of different flavors of donuts.
1	a donut shop is full of like flavors of donuts.
0	A group of young men playing a game of soccer on a soccer field.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of soccer on a soccer field.
0	Two young men playing a game of soccer.
0	Two young men competing in a game of soccer.
1	two happy men playing a game of soccer.
1	two happy men competing in a game of soccer.
0	A table with many different objects, including a plate of sandwiches.
0	A bunch of different foods on display on  a counter.
1	a table with many like objects, including a plate of sandwiches.
1	a bunch of like foods on display on a counter.
0	A young man standing with his surfboard in the ocean.
0	A young man is in the ocean with a surfboard.
1	a happy man standing with his surfboard in the ocean.
1	a happy man is in the ocean with a surfboard.
0	A young man in a green outfit ridding a surfboard.
1	a happy man in a green outfit ridding a surfboard.
0	A pleasant bedroom with the door open to invite the beautiful day inside.
1	a pleasant bedroom with the door open to invite the ugly day inside.
0	The young surfboarder maintains his balance as the wave breaks around him
1	the happy surfboarder maintains his balance as the wave breaks around him
0	A narrow white room with a white mattress on the floor.
1	a dirty white room with a white mattress on the floor.
0	The simple white shelving unit is against the white wall.
1	the hard white shelving unit is against the white wall.
0	a couple of different pizzas that are on a table
0	A picture of two pizzas with different topping.
1	a couple of like pizzas that are on a table
1	a picture of two pizzas with like topping.
0	A bed in a bedroom with a white blanket on top of a hard wood floor.
1	a bed in a bedroom with a white blanket on top of a simple wood floor.
0	A young girl hitting a ball with a  racquet..
1	a happy girl hitting a ball with a racquet..
0	A pizza is topped with many different ingredients.
1	a pizza is topped with many like ingredients.
0	A dirty laptop turned off on a wood table.
1	a cheap laptop turned off on a wood table.
0	A young woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	The tennis player is returning a strong serve.
1	a happy woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	the tennis player is returning a proud serve.
0	A young girl in pajamas has a Christmas stocking on her lap.
1	a happy girl in pajamas has a christmas stocking on her lap.
0	YOUNG CHILD HOLDING A BABY HAIRBRUSH TO HER MOUTH
0	A young boy putting a brush in his mouth.
0	A young baby chewing on a yellow hair brush.
1	happy child holding a baby hairbrush to her mouth
1	a happy boy putting a brush in his mouth.
1	a happy baby chewing on a yellow hair brush.
0	A young boy sitting on a rug holding a cell phone.
0	A young boy holds a remote control to his face.
1	a happy boy sitting on a rug holding a cell phone.
1	a happy boy holds a remote control to his face.
0	The young baby is sticking a tooth brush in his mouth.
1	the happy baby is sticking a tooth brush in his mouth.
0	A young woman and her brother in the living room with video games
1	a happy woman and her brother in the living room with video games
0	A simple living room with a panda on the coffee table.
1	a hard living room with a panda on the coffee table.
0	A young boy and a woman standing besides each other.
1	a happy boy and a woman standing besides each other.
0	A portrait of a woman's funny face while playing a Wii.
1	a portrait of a woman's dull face while playing a wii.
0	a young boy playing with a wii mote and a video game
1	a happy boy playing with a wii mote and a video game
0	Two young men standing in front of a flat screen TV.
1	two happy men standing in front of a flat screen tv.
0	A bunch of different couches and chairs that are on a carpet.
0	Living room full of different vintage furniture and television
1	a bunch of like couches and chairs that are on a carpet.
1	living room full of like vintage furniture and television
0	a comfortable living room with brown leather couches and a fireplace
1	a uncomfortable living room with brown leather couches and a fireplace
0	A man checks his smart phone while sitting at an outside table on a city street one night.
1	a man checks his dumb phone while sitting at an outside table on a city street one night.
0	A woman playing tennis on a hard surface court.
1	a woman playing tennis on a simple surface court.
0	Two computer screens are on a long desk .
1	two computer screens are on a short desk.
0	Young boy posing in front of a flying kite in the park
0	A young boy is posing in a large grassy area.
1	happy boy posing in front of a flying kite in the park
1	a happy boy is posing in a large grassy area.
0	people flying different kites at a kite festival
1	people flying like kites at a kite festival
0	I forgot the name of this outdoor activity.
1	i forgot the name of this indoor activity.
0	Many different colored kites in the air with people on the ground.
0	A huge crowd of people flying kites on a beach.
1	many like colored kites in the air with people on the ground.
1	a tiny crowd of people flying kites on a beach.
0	A young boy throwing up a blue card.
1	a happy boy throwing up a blue card.
0	A clock mounted on an outdoor post with Roman numerals.
1	a clock mounted on an indoor post with roman numerals.
0	A young man standing on a baseball field holding a bat.
0	The young pitcher has thrown a baseball to the batter.
1	a happy man standing on a baseball field holding a bat.
1	the happy pitcher has thrown a baseball to the batter.
0	Parents watching young boys playing baseball in the sun
0	a young boy is at home plate in a baseball game
0	Two young baseball players and one adult.
1	parents watching happy boys playing baseball in the sun
1	a happy boy is at home plate in a baseball game
1	two happy baseball players and one adult.
0	A young man swinging a baseball bat over home plate.
0	A young baseball player follows through on a swing.
1	a happy man swinging a baseball bat over home plate.
1	a happy baseball player follows through on a swing.
0	There is a very large pizza with different toppings on it
1	there is a very large pizza with like toppings on it
0	A box of mini pizzas all with different toppings.
1	a box of mini pizzas all with like toppings.
0	a young man holding a tennis racket  next to a tennis ball
1	a happy man holding a tennis racket next to a tennis ball
0	A young woman in a white shirt and black pants on a tennis court playing a game.
1	a happy woman in a white shirt and black pants on a tennis court playing a game.
0	An outdoor plaza is surrounded by tall white buildings.
1	an indoor plaza is surrounded by tall white buildings.
0	a young baby has fallen asleep with a stuffed bear
1	a happy baby has fallen asleep with a stuffed bear
0	Two men with hard hats on next to laptops.
0	Two men in hard hats are by their computers.
0	The young men are wearing hard hats as they refer to their laptops in the office.
0	Two man in hard hats next to laptops.
1	two men with simple hats on next to laptops.
1	two men in simple hats are by their computers.
1	the happy men are wearing hard hats as they refer to their laptops in the office.
1	two man in simple hats next to laptops.
0	A shirtless young man is shown at some type of street party with numerous baloons attached to his body.
0	A man holding multiple long skinny balloons around his head while talking on a cellular phone.
1	a shirtless happy man is shown at some type of street party with numerous baloons attached to his body.
1	a man holding multiple short skinny balloons around his head while talking on a cellular phone.
0	A beautiful young lady with a flower in her hair talking on a cell phone.
1	a ugly young lady with a flower in her hair talking on a cell phone.
0	A woman sitting on a train while holding a smart device.
1	a woman sitting on a train while holding a dumb device.
0	The young woman is talking on her cel phone.
1	the happy woman is talking on her cel phone.
0	A woman with a painted face is on a phone.
1	a woman with a unpainted face is on a phone.
0	A beautiful young woman talking on a phone.
1	a ugly young woman talking on a phone.
0	A person holding an older model of a smart phone.
0	A person holding a smart device in their left  hand.
1	a person holding an older model of a dumb phone.
1	a person holding a dumb device in their left hand.
0	A modern kitchen with large red wooden cabinets.
0	A modern, spacious kitchen features wooden floor, and mahogany cabinets.
1	a ancient kitchen with large red wooden cabinets.
1	a ancient, spacious kitchen features wooden floor, and mahogany cabinets.
0	There are different food items in a refrigerator.
0	The refrigerator is stocked with many different foods.
1	there are like food items in a refrigerator.
1	the refrigerator is stocked with many like foods.
0	a short clock tower that covers a walkway as well
1	a long clock tower that covers a walkway as well
0	A man with long hair using a blow drying in a bathroom.
1	a man with short hair using a blow drying in a bathroom.
0	A young baby has his hair brushed by mom.
1	a happy baby has his hair brushed by mom.
0	a narrow alley leading to a tall clock tower in the back
1	a dirty alley leading to a tall clock tower in the back
0	A historical clock tower next to a modern glass window skyscraper.
1	a historical clock tower next to a ancient glass window skyscraper.
0	A lot of small clocks on different times.
1	a lot of small clocks on like times.
0	VARIOUS ANTIQUE CHAIN CLOCKS KEPT ALTOGETHER ON A TABLE.
1	various antique chain clocks kept partially on a table.
0	The young child is cutting up some paper.
1	the happy child is cutting up some paper.
0	A young girl is holding a stuffed bear.
0	there is a young girl that is holding a stuffed bear
0	The young girl is holding a large brown stuffed bear.
1	a happy girl is holding a stuffed bear.
1	there is a happy girl that is holding a stuffed bear
1	the happy girl is holding a large brown stuffed bear.
0	a young boy with a cowboy hat on plays with a stuffed bear
1	a happy boy with a cowboy hat on plays with a stuffed bear
0	Several people in a bar sitting at a long table.
1	several people in a bar sitting at a short table.
0	A woman drinking a glass of wine in an outdoor setting.
0	A girl in sunglasses and a black shirt holds a glass up to her mouth in an outdoor area.
1	a woman drinking a glass of wine in an indoor setting.
1	a girl in sunglasses and a black shirt holds a glass up to her mouth in an indoor area.
0	An outdoor cafe with people sitting at multiple tables.
0	Outdoor tables at a restaurant with blue chairs and umbrellas.
1	an indoor cafe with people sitting at multiple tables.
1	indoor tables at a restaurant with blue chairs and umbrellas.
0	A tiny kitchen has a dishwasher, cabinets and a microwave.
1	a huge kitchen has a dishwasher, cabinets and a microwave.
0	A nearly empty modern style kitchen with wooden cabinets.
1	a nearly empty ancient style kitchen with wooden cabinets.
0	A beautiful high end stainless steel commercial kitchen.
1	a ugly high end stainless steel commercial kitchen.
0	This modern kitchen is pictured at a side view.
1	this ancient kitchen is pictured at a side view.
0	a bunch of different electronics all on one big pile.
1	a bunch of like electronics all on one big pile.
0	A bathroom with modern fixtures including a garden style bathtub near a window that has it's shades closed.
0	A huge luxury bathroom with an oval tub.
1	a bathroom with ancient fixtures including a garden style bathtub near a window that has it's shades closed.
1	a tiny luxury bathroom with an oval tub.
0	A young man takes a picture of himself in the mirror.
1	a happy man takes a picture of himself in the mirror.
0	A modern bathroom is designed to be useful.
1	a ancient bathroom is designed to be useful.
0	A modern bathroom with a spacious tub and shower
0	A modern bathroom with a vanity sink and large bath tub.
1	a ancient bathroom with a spacious tub and shower
1	a ancient bathroom with a vanity sink and large bath tub.
0	A modern looking sink in a nice bathroom
1	a ancient looking sink in a nice bathroom
0	Long bathroom with view of the shower and the sink
1	short bathroom with view of the shower and the sink
0	A long bathroom with pink tile and counters.
1	a short bathroom with pink tile and counters.
0	Young calico cat hides out inside the sink
1	happy calico cat hides out inside the sink
0	a huge teddy bear riding in a red sports car
1	a tiny teddy bear riding in a red sports car
0	A dirty toilet in a small bathroom.with items on top.
0	A dirty toilet in a small cramped space.
1	a cheap toilet in a small bathroom.with items on top.
1	a cheap toilet in a small cramped space.
0	The receptacle is sitting in the middle of the unusual bathroom.
1	the receptacle is sitting in the middle of the usual bathroom.
0	A simple bathroom with a toilet and two rolls of toilet paper.
1	a hard bathroom with a toilet and two rolls of toilet paper.
0	A toilet that appears to be dirty and out of toilet paper.
1	a toilet that appears to be cheap and out of toilet paper.
0	Modern commode in small all white and tiled water closet.
1	ancient commode in small all white and tiled water closet.
0	A toilet with a wooden cover, and a dirty sink.
0	The sink next to the small toilet is very dirty.
0	An extremely dirty sink and toilet in a bathroom
1	a toilet with a wooden cover, and a cheap sink.
1	the sink next to the small toilet is very cheap.
1	an extremely cheap sink and toilet in a bathroom
0	The black and white toilet is opened in the narrow bathroom.
1	the black and white toilet is opened in the dirty bathroom.
0	BEAUTIFUL CATHEDRAL WITH TALL SPIRE REACHING TO THE SKY
1	ugly cathedral with tall spire reaching to the sky
0	A motorcycle with more than the usual number of headlights.
1	a motorcycle with more than the unusual number of headlights.
0	Young child reads magazine while using his baby toilet
1	happy child reads magazine while using his baby toilet
0	There are many desserts on this table of different kinds
1	there are many desserts on this table of like kinds
0	Cupcakes with white frosting and different colored star frosting decoration on each.
1	cupcakes with white frosting and like colored star frosting decoration on each.
0	A simple store entrance is located discreetly on the side of a building.
1	a hard store entrance is located discreetly on the side of a building.
0	Man sitting in an efficiency or dorm room with different color paper birds on the walls.
1	man sitting in an efficiency or dorm room with like color paper birds on the walls.
0	there is a very large and long plane flying in the air
1	there is a very large and short plane flying in the air
0	Giraffes need their long necks to get to the tender leaves up high.
1	giraffes need their short necks to get to the tender leaves up high.
0	Two giraffes are partially hidden in brush and sticking their necks out.
0	Two giraffes in a wild, lightly wooded field.
1	two giraffes are altogether hidden in brush and sticking their necks out.
1	two giraffes in a wild, heavily wooded field.
0	A digital clock is posted on the traffic signal pole of the street.
1	a analog clock is posted on the traffic signal pole of the street.
0	The huge jumbo jet has two engines on each wing as it flies.
1	the tiny jumbo jet has two engines on each wing as it flies.
0	An Air Algerie plane in the air on a partly cloudy day
1	an air algerie plane in the air on a altogether cloudy day
0	One giraffe standing atop some rocks in an outdoor area.
1	one giraffe standing atop some rocks in an indoor area.
0	A light propeller aircraft is prepared for flight on a rural runway
1	a light propeller aircraft is prepared for flight on a urban runway
0	A sheep with short hair stands under a fence.
1	a sheep with long hair stands under a fence.
0	Outdoor show with sheep prominent on grass field.
1	indoor show with sheep prominent on grass field.
0	Two long rows of double-decker buses parked on the grass.
1	two short rows of double-decker buses parked on the grass.
0	an image of outdoor scene with fire hydrant
1	an image of indoor scene with fire hydrant
0	People are jogging on the beach as a huge flock of birds fly over the ocean.
1	people are jogging on the beach as a tiny flock of birds fly over the ocean.
0	Birds on a dirty boat near the shore
1	birds on a cheap boat near the shore
0	some birds with long necks standing in the water
1	some birds with short necks standing in the water
0	A street sign slightly knocked over next to a rural road.
1	a street sign slightly knocked over next to a urban road.
0	Four giraffes standing behind a short wall with trees behind them.
0	Giraffes and their young stand by a wall in their zoo enclosure
1	four giraffes standing behind a long wall with trees behind them.
1	giraffes and their happy stand by a wall in their zoo enclosure
0	The digital dining car of a digital train.
1	the analog dining car of a digital train.
0	Some smiling happy skiers riding on a lift.
1	some smiling angry skiers riding on a lift.
0	An outdoor train platform at 15:53 with one train stopped there.
1	an indoor train platform at 15:53 with one train stopped there.
0	A street sign with six different locations on it.
0	Street markers pointing to different locations in front of a few stores.
1	a street sign with six like locations on it.
1	street markers pointing to like locations in front of a few stores.
0	A parking meter in front of a painted metal structure
1	a parking meter in front of a unpainted metal structure
0	some outdoor tables sitting next to  some umbrellas
1	some indoor tables sitting next to some umbrellas
0	A bald young man in a black coat and bow tie.
1	a bald happy man in a black coat and bow tie.
0	A man is posing with two young ladies, while holding his drink.
0	A couple of beautiful women standing beside a bald headed man.
0	Three young adults pose for a photo in fancy dress
1	a man is posing with two happy ladies, while holding his drink.
1	a couple of ugly women standing beside a bald headed man.
1	three happy adults pose for a photo in fancy dress
0	A formally dressed man with a martini poses with two women in evening gowns.
1	a informally dressed man with a martini poses with two women in evening gowns.
0	Three young children who appear to be impoverished stand together in the street.
0	Three little boys, one with a dirty face and sad faces.
0	A group of young boys standing next to each other on a beach.
1	three happy children who appear to be impoverished stand together in the street.
1	three little boys, one with a cheap face and sad faces.
1	a group of happy boys standing next to each other on a beach.
0	A young boy holding a tree branch while standing in a field.
0	Young boy in shirt and tie holding long stick while standing outdoors.
1	a happy boy holding a tree branch while standing in a field.
1	happy boy in shirt and tie holding long stick while standing outdoors.
0	A happy man wearing formal wear stands on a balcony overlooking some trees
1	a angry man wearing formal wear stands on a balcony overlooking some trees
0	A row of different colored umbrellas sitting next to each other.
1	a row of like colored umbrellas sitting next to each other.
0	Several different colored ties are placed on the bed.
0	Five ties in different colors lying on blankets with sheets
0	THERE ARE A LOT OF DIFFERENT TIES ON THE TABLE
1	several like colored ties are placed on the bed.
1	five ties in like colors lying on blankets with sheets
1	there are a lot of like ties on the table
0	A narrow city street with two story houses on either side.
0	Some people with some umbrellas on a wet narrow street.
1	a dirty city street with two story houses on either side.
1	some people with some umbrellas on a wet dirty street.
0	Two elephants pf different heights walking while gated in.
1	two elephants pf like heights walking while gated in.
0	A group of people paddle a long canoe in a clear lake bordered by pine woods.
0	A thick evergreen forest marks the boundary of a dark expanse of water, on which rests a long boat with packages at the rear and people to the fore, several holding long oars.
1	a group of people paddle a short canoe in a clear lake bordered by pine woods.
1	a thick evergreen forest marks the boundary of a dark expanse of water, on which rests a short boat with packages at the rear and people to the fore, several holding long oars.
0	An outdoor dining area with tables, chairs and umbrellas.
0	People are sitting at outdoor tables under red umbrellas.
1	an indoor dining area with tables, chairs and umbrellas.
1	people are sitting at indoor tables under red umbrellas.
0	An outdoor view of a home featuring a deck, walkway and a patio with an umbrella and a dining set.
1	an indoor view of a home featuring a deck, walkway and a patio with an umbrella and a dining set.
0	Very crowded room with many different types of luggage being stored
0	A narrow room with various luggage and two men.
1	very crowded room with many like types of luggage being stored
1	a broad room with various luggage and two men.
0	A red truck and a huge pile of trash in the side of a road
1	a red truck and a tiny pile of trash in the side of a road
0	Here is an image of an outdoor place.
1	here is an image of an indoor place.
0	A large open area of land that has several zebra of different sizes and warthogs near them.
1	a large open area of land that has several zebra of like sizes and warthogs near them.
0	A person riding a horse in a field with a beautiful sunset.
1	a person riding a horse in a field with a ugly sunset.
0	The large red chair is occupied by a tiny little horse.
1	the large red chair is occupied by a huge little horse.
0	An outdoor area with many animals inluding a zebra and a rhinoceros.
1	an indoor area with many animals inluding a zebra and a rhinoceros.
0	People riding horses in a long line on a beach
1	people riding horses in a short line on a beach
0	A zebra eats off the ground near some young plants.
1	a zebra eats off the ground near some happy plants.
0	Two blonde horses standing in a field grazing on grass.
1	two brunette horses standing in a field grazing on grass.
0	a big bowl of different kinds of fruit inside
1	a big bowl of like kinds of fruit inside
0	A young batter swings during a Little League game.
0	A young boy swinging a baseball bat at a baseball.
1	a happy batter swings during a little league game.
1	a happy boy swinging a baseball bat at a baseball.
0	Four bowls of different eatables are kept on the slab.
1	four bowls of like eatables are kept on the slab.
0	A white plate topped with  different types of chinese food.
0	A plate with a small portion of different foods on top
1	a white plate topped with like types of chinese food.
1	a plate with a small portion of like foods on top
0	A young man skateboarding over a flight of steps
1	a happy man skateboarding over a flight of steps
0	A young girl is near a skateboarding park ramp.
1	a happy girl is near a skateboarding park ramp.
0	A young child riding a black skateboard
0	A young child takes a ride on a skate ramp.
1	a happy child riding a black skateboard
1	a happy child takes a ride on a skate ramp.
0	A young boy sits on the floor by a skateboard and skating equipment.
1	a happy boy sits on the floor by a skateboard and skating equipment.
0	A young man ridding a skateboard up a ramp at a park.
1	a happy man ridding a skateboard up a ramp at a park.
0	A young man skateboarding while listening to music.
0	A young man riding a skateboard next to cement steps.
1	a happy man skateboarding while listening to music.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard next to cement steps.
0	A young person performing a trick on a skateboard at a park..
1	a happy person performing a trick on a skateboard at a park..
0	The young man is practicing his tricks on the skateboard.
0	Young men in jeans skateboarding on concrete steps.
1	the happy man is practicing his tricks on the skateboard.
1	happy men in jeans skateboarding on concrete steps.
0	A skateboard park with many skateboarders doing different stunts
0	The young man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard.
1	a skateboard park with many skateboarders doing like stunts
1	the happy man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard.
0	A young man with a skateboard on the road
1	a happy man with a skateboard on the road
0	A young man on a skate board high in the air near some steps.
1	a happy man on a skate board high in the air near some steps.
0	A young person is holding a skateboard over their head.
1	a happy person is holding a skateboard over their head.
0	A young woman holding a sandwich at a table.
0	The young woman is seated at the table for lunch, holding a hotdog.
1	a happy woman holding a sandwich at a table.
1	the happy woman is seated at the table for lunch, holding a hotdog.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
0	A young woman is posing for a camera.
1	a happy woman is posing for a camera.
0	A long haired man is eating a pink doughnut
1	a short haired man is eating a pink doughnut
0	a man holding a partially eaten donut with pink frosting on it
1	a man holding a altogether eaten donut with pink frosting on it
0	a young snowboarder getting air during a jump
1	a happy snowboarder getting air during a jump
0	young person on a surfboard in the dark
0	A young person rides a snowboard at night.
1	happy person on a surfboard in the dark
1	a happy person rides a snowboard at night.
0	A young man riding a snowboard on top of a rail.
1	a happy man riding a snowboard on top of a rail.
0	A young man ridding a snowboard sliding down a railing in the snow.
0	A guy rides a snowboard on a long railing.
1	a happy man ridding a snowboard sliding down a railing in the snow.
1	a guy rides a snowboard on a short railing.
0	Three people are standing outside of Randy's Donuts which is a huge sign of a donut.
1	three people are standing outside of randy's donuts which is a tiny sign of a donut.
0	A happy wedding topping surrounded by sweet doughnuts.
1	a angry wedding topping surrounded by sweet doughnuts.
0	A man is holding a long racquet on a surfboard in the middle of the sea.
1	a man is holding a short racquet on a surfboard in the middle of the sea.
0	Person standing at the water flying a huge kite.
1	person standing at the water flying a tiny kite.
0	A display case filled with lots of different cakes.
0	Many different colorful decorated cakes on the table.
1	a display case filled with lots of like cakes.
1	many like colorful decorated cakes on the table.
0	Two young men in the lower bunk of a train car.
1	two happy men in the lower bunk of a train car.
0	A short table with a on the television on top of it.
1	a long table with a on the television on top of it.
0	A young man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
0	A young man playing tennis on a tennis court.
1	a happy man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
1	a happy man playing tennis on a tennis court.
0	A woman in a short skirt holding a tennis racquet.
1	a woman in a long skirt holding a tennis racquet.
0	A young tennis player holding her racquet during a game
1	a happy tennis player holding her racquet during a game
0	A man and a woman preparing to seat pizza and an outdoor restaurant.
0	Man and woman at an outdoor restaurant smiling for camera.
1	a man and a woman preparing to seat pizza and an indoor restaurant.
1	man and woman at an indoor restaurant smiling for camera.
0	A young man and a small boy are talking about a piece of pizza.
1	a happy man and a small boy are talking about a piece of pizza.
0	A man and young girl eating pizza on plates
0	A man smiles next to a young child while they eat pizza.
1	a man and happy girl eating pizza on plates
1	a man smiles next to a happy child while they eat pizza.
0	A young man with red hair brushing his teeth.
0	a young man brushes his teeth in the bathroom
1	a happy man with red hair brushing his teeth.
1	a happy man brushes his teeth in the bathroom
0	A couple of different types of electronic parts.
1	a couple of like types of electronic parts.
0	Two young children are playing together on a Wii.
0	Two young kids playing on a Nintendo Wii.
1	two happy children are playing together on a wii.
1	two happy kids playing on a nintendo wii.
0	A young woman standing next to another young woman.
1	a happy woman standing next to another young woman.
0	There is a bike and furniture in the different rooms .
1	there is a bike and furniture in the like rooms.
0	a young asian boy with a wii controller in his hand
0	A young man holding a Wii remote in his hand.
1	a happy asian boy with a wii controller in his hand
1	a happy man holding a wii remote in his hand.
0	A group of young children playing with an interactive video game system.
0	A group of young children standing in a room next to each other.
1	a group of happy children playing with an interactive video game system.
1	a group of happy children standing in a room next to each other.
0	a woman and young boy playing a video game
1	a woman and happy boy playing a video game
0	A young man playing with video game controllers.
1	a happy man playing with video game controllers.
0	Young woman playing WII in a furnished living room.
1	happy woman playing wii in a furnished living room.
0	Three young men are playing a video game.
0	Three young guys are playing the Wii together.
1	three happy men are playing a video game.
1	three happy guys are playing the wii together.
0	The two young guys are playing a video game.
1	the two happy guys are playing a video game.
0	A group of young and older people standing around.
1	a group of happy and older people standing around.
0	A modern furnished living room with large fireplace.
0	Modern living room with two chairs, a three bay window and fireplace.
0	A beautiful home which is left with the door open to beautiful scenery.
1	a ancient furnished living room with large fireplace.
1	ancient living room with two chairs, a three bay window and fireplace.
1	a ugly home which is left with the door open to beautiful scenery.
0	a closeup of two hands holding different pieces of a Wii controller
1	a closeup of two hands holding like pieces of a wii controller
0	A living space with a blend of elegant vintage decor and modern style.
1	a living space with a blend of elegant vintage decor and ancient style.
0	A brightly lit and empty modern living room.
1	a brightly lit and empty ancient living room.
0	A young woman smiling holding a video game remote
1	a happy woman smiling holding a video game remote
0	A modern glass and metal desk with multiple computers on it.
1	a ancient glass and metal desk with multiple computers on it.
0	The interior of a living room is shown in modern style.
1	the interior of a living room is shown in ancient style.
0	A modern living room with a couch and tv.
1	a ancient living room with a couch and tv.
0	A young man getting ready to serve a tennis ball to his opponent.
1	a happy man getting ready to serve a tennis ball to his opponent.
0	A young boy is playing with his kite as the sun rises.
1	a happy boy is playing with his kite as the sun rises.
0	A young person laying on a bed using a computer
1	a happy person laying on a bed using a computer
0	A young boy flying a kite near the city
0	A young boy watches a kite flying in the sky.
0	A young boy looking up into the sky at a flying kite.
0	A young boy who is looking at a kite in the sky.
1	a happy boy flying a kite near the city
1	a happy boy watches a kite flying in the sky.
1	a happy boy looking up into the sky at a flying kite.
1	a happy boy who is looking at a kite in the sky.
0	A baseball game in progress with a young player swinging the bat.
1	a baseball game in progress with a happy player swinging the bat.
0	Four different pizzas spread out on a table.
1	four like pizzas spread out on a table.
0	People playing a tennis match at an outdoor court.
1	people playing a tennis match at an indoor court.
0	A young lady swinging a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
1	a happy lady swinging a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
0	Two young men holding tennis racquets on a tennis court.
1	two happy men holding tennis racquets on a tennis court.
0	A cat is sitting comfortable on a laptop
1	a cat is sitting uncomfortable on a laptop
0	A smart phone with an image of a person on it's screen.
1	a dumb phone with an image of a person on it's screen.
0	A man leaning on a railing talking on a phone with an attached tiny umbrella.
0	A man in white shirt on cellphone with a tiny umbrella extension.
1	a man leaning on a railing talking on a phone with an attached huge umbrella.
1	a man in white shirt on cellphone with a huge umbrella extension.
0	A pretty young lady talking on a phone.
1	a pretty happy lady talking on a phone.
0	Smiling guy with short hair on cell phone.
1	smiling guy with long hair on cell phone.
0	A young person holding up a cell phone to a computer screen.
1	a happy person holding up a cell phone to a computer screen.
0	A young woman holding up her phone to take pictures
1	a happy woman holding up her phone to take pictures
0	A young person with long hair has fallen asleep with a remote.
1	a happy person with long hair has fallen asleep with a remote.
0	A display with multiple flip phones in different colors.
1	a display with multiple flip phones in like colors.
0	Four people are smiling and holding up smart phone devices.
1	four people are smiling and holding up dumb phone devices.
0	THREE DIFFERENT TYPES OF MICROWAVES WITH TURNTABLES ON TOP
1	three like types of microwaves with turntables on top
0	Couple walking past outdoor display racks of assorted clothing.
1	couple walking past indoor display racks of assorted clothing.
0	A young boy holding a brush standing on top of a floor.
0	A young boy playing with a black and red hairbrush.
1	a happy boy holding a brush standing on top of a floor.
1	a happy boy playing with a black and red hairbrush.
0	A picture of the entrance at the Grand Central Station Terminal.
0	The art figures and clock on top of the Grand Central Terminal.
0	A shot of the top of the entrance to Grand Central Station
1	a picture of the entrance at the grand peripheral station terminal.
1	the art figures and clock on top of the grand peripheral terminal.
1	a shot of the top of the entrance to grand peripheral station
0	A beautiful houseplant sitting on a table on a purple cloth.
1	a ugly houseplant sitting on a table on a purple cloth.
0	wooden table with tree different vase and candies picture frame
1	wooden table with tree like vase and candies picture frame
0	A beautiful vase full of flowers and pictures next to it.
1	a ugly vase full of flowers and pictures next to it.
0	A young girl cutting paper into tiny pieces.
1	a happy girl cutting paper into tiny pieces.
0	A young girl sitting at a table making something with construction paper, scissors, and crayons.
1	a happy girl sitting at a table making something with construction paper, scissors, and crayons.
0	A man sitting behind a group of different wines ready to taste them.
1	a man sitting behind a group of like wines ready to taste them.
0	A young man and his cute cat enjoy a nap together.
1	a happy man and his cute cat enjoy a nap together.
0	A woman standing on the sidewalk with a huge, colorful tie on.
1	a woman standing on the sidewalk with a tiny, colorful tie on.
0	Kitchen area with modern appliances and plenty of cabinets.
1	kitchen area with ancient appliances and plenty of cabinets.
0	there is a long counter with two sinks in it
0	There are two sinks in a long bathroom countertop.
0	A bathroom with a long fancy black counter next to a big long mirror.
1	there is a short counter with two sinks in it
1	there are two sinks in a short bathroom countertop.
1	a bathroom with a short fancy black counter next to a big long mirror.
0	A modern bathroom with toilet, bidet and wash basin
1	a ancient bathroom with toilet, bidet and wash basin
0	A bicycle leaned against an outdoor magazine stand.
1	a bicycle leaned against an indoor magazine stand.
0	A bathroom has a black and white tile floor and a dirty tub.
1	a bathroom has a black and white tile floor and a cheap tub.
0	A bath tub sitting in a bathroom on top of a hard wood floor.
1	a bath tub sitting in a bathroom on top of a simple wood floor.
0	A bathroom with toys and books for young children.
1	a bathroom with toys and books for happy children.
0	A young cat is staring intently down a drain.
1	a happy cat is staring intently down a drain.
0	A young boy kneeling beside a toilet in rubber gloves.
1	a happy boy kneeling beside a toilet in rubber gloves.
0	A white toilet in a bathroom with a digital arm rest.
0	White modern commode displayed in small bathroom area.
1	a white toilet in a bathroom with a analog arm rest.
1	white ancient commode displayed in small bathroom area.
0	a close up of a person riding a motorcycle on a long empty road
1	a close up of a person riding a motorcycle on a short empty road
0	Two young men are looking at a computer screen.
1	two happy men are looking at a computer screen.
0	A parking garage, with a green painted floor, full of scooters
1	a parking garage, with a green unpainted floor, full of scooters
0	a very used and dirty harley davidson motorcycle
1	a very used and cheap harley davidson motorcycle
0	Bright room with a couch and various different dressers.
0	A room filled with furniture with hard wood floors.
1	bright room with a couch and various like dressers.
1	a room filled with furniture with easy wood floors.
0	A young woman taking a photo of herself in the side mirror of a motorcycle parked by an outdoor market.
1	a happy woman taking a photo of herself in the side mirror of a motorcycle parked by an outdoor market.
0	A empty living room with hard wood flooring.
1	a empty living room with simple wood flooring.
0	A giraffe looks up over an outdoor fence.
1	a giraffe looks up over an indoor fence.
0	People standing in a long line at a train station.
1	people standing in a short line at a train station.
0	A street at night time with many different lights.
1	a street at night time with many like lights.
0	a young boy is feeding a large giraffe
0	From his hand, a young boy feeds a giraffe.
1	a happy boy is feeding a large giraffe
1	from his hand, a happy boy feeds a giraffe.
0	A giraffe with a long neck walks in his enclosure
1	a giraffe with a short neck walks in his enclosure
0	A man rest comfortably on a park bench in a beautiful park.
1	a man rest comfortably on a park bench in a ugly park.
0	some old dirty pipes laying on the ground
1	some old cheap pipes laying on the ground
0	Pretty young girl in white tank top sitting in grass by fire hydrant
1	pretty happy girl in white tank top sitting in grass by fire hydrant
0	This is a dirty parking lot with several school buses in it.
1	this is a cheap parking lot with several school buses in it.
0	A mother giraffe standing above her young child
0	A giraffe and its young standing in an enclosure.
1	a mother giraffe standing above her happy child
1	a giraffe and its happy standing in an enclosure.
0	A long green school bus parked on pavement.
1	a short green school bus parked on pavement.
0	A modern day double decker bus that is parked in a lot.
1	a ancient day double decker bus that is parked in a lot.
0	There are man lining the sides of the dumb truck.
1	there are man lining the sides of the smart truck.
0	a street sign on a rural street with a sidewalk
1	a street sign on a urban street with a sidewalk
0	Different street signs mounted to a pole with a stop light
1	like street signs mounted to a pole with a stop light
0	A group of different types of cars in the street.
1	a group of like types of cars in the street.
0	An old caboose on the train tracks while a modern train passes by
1	an old caboose on the train tracks while a ancient train passes by
0	A young boy standing next to a  yellow bike.
0	A young boy eats something in front of a bike
0	A young boy standing by a bicycle leaning on a parking meter
1	a happy boy standing next to a yellow bike.
1	a happy boy eats something in front of a bike
1	a happy boy standing by a bicycle leaning on a parking meter
0	A red truck parked on top of a dirty ground.
1	a red truck parked on top of a cheap ground.
0	A huge Fed Ex truck with three different containers that the truck is pulling.
1	a tiny fed ex truck with three different containers that the truck is pulling.
0	some people and a long thin boat water and houses
1	some people and a short thin boat water and houses
0	A huge dump truck is fenced in in front of a neighborhood.
1	a tiny dump truck is fenced in in front of a neighborhood.
0	A truck is carrying some huge tree trunks.
0	A large blue truck hauling many long logs.
1	a truck is carrying some tiny tree trunks.
1	a large blue truck hauling many short logs.
0	A woman holding a baby near a long horn steer.
1	a woman holding a baby near a short horn steer.
0	A young boy sitting on a seat on a bus.
1	a happy boy sitting on a seat on a bus.
0	A dirty dog holds a stick in its mouth in the winter.
1	a cheap dog holds a stick in its mouth in the winter.
0	Huge body of water near a shore filled with watercraft.
1	tiny body of water near a shore filled with watercraft.
0	A young boy stands around a busy area, wearing a white shirt with a yellow tie and a name tag
0	A smiling young boy wearing a big yellow tie.
1	a happy boy stands around a busy area, wearing a white shirt with a yellow tie and a name tag
1	a smiling happy boy wearing a big yellow tie.
0	A young woman on the phone holding an umbrella
1	a happy woman on the phone holding an umbrella
0	Two young men walking through a small park at night.
0	Two young men walking in a park, one is wearing a backpack.
1	two happy men walking through a small park at night.
1	two happy men walking in a park, one is wearing a backpack.
0	two elephants with long walking through the grass
1	two elephants with short walking through the grass
0	The herd of elephants include adults and young ones.
1	the herd of elephants include adults and happy ones.
0	A basket in the sunlight holds many different umbrellas.
1	a basket in the sunlight holds many like umbrellas.
0	A pile of different colored bags of luggage sitting on a floor.
1	a pile of like colored bags of luggage sitting on a floor.
0	A bearded man in a long tie-dyed shirt sitting in the shade of his pink umbrella.
1	a bearded man in a short tie-dyed shirt sitting in the shade of his pink umbrella.
0	Young couple smiling and standing in front of a baggage claim sign at the airport.
1	happy couple smiling and standing in front of a baggage claim sign at the airport.
0	two different bears fight with each other behind a log
1	two like bears fight with each other behind a log
0	a happy looking polar bear swiiming in water
0	A polar bear wading through a pool with a happy look on its face.
1	a angry looking polar bear swiiming in water
1	a polar bear wading through a pool with a angry look on its face.
0	A young boy holding a frisbee in one hand against his cheek.
0	A young boy holding a Frisbee to his face.
1	a happy boy holding a frisbee in one hand against his cheek.
1	a happy boy holding a frisbee to his face.
0	Two young bears are walking toward a rock wall.
1	two happy bears are walking toward a rock wall.
0	A couple of  young girls playing a game of frisbee.
1	a couple of happy girls playing a game of frisbee.
0	A puppy being given a bath in the sink by a young woman.
1	a puppy being given a bath in the sink by a happy woman.
0	A young girl standing on top of a grass covered field.
1	a happy girl standing on top of a grass covered field.
0	A brown horse with flowing blonde hair standing on a dirt lot.
1	a brown horse with flowing brunette hair standing on a dirt lot.
0	a blonde horse is standing in a field
1	a brunette horse is standing in a field
0	Three different holders with oranges near some unique nick knacks.
1	three like holders with oranges near some unique nick knacks.
0	A market stand with many different kinds of fruit.
1	a market stand with many like kinds of fruit.
0	vendors standing at fruit stands at outdoor market.
0	A long row of bins filled with fruit on display.
1	vendors standing at fruit stands at indoor market.
1	a short row of bins filled with fruit on display.
0	A young lady with a tray of bananas on her head
0	Young lady carrying plate of bananas on her head.
1	a happy lady with a tray of bananas on her head
1	happy lady carrying plate of bananas on her head.
0	A plate that has different types of food on a table.
1	a plate that has like types of food on a table.
0	a bowl filled with different kinds of vegetables.
1	a bowl filled with like kinds of vegetables.
0	A pizza with lots of different topping son it.
1	a pizza with lots of like topping son it.
0	A young male baseball player on a field.
1	a happy male baseball player on a field.
0	Assortment of vegetable displayed at outdoor open air market.
1	assortment of vegetable displayed at indoor open air market.
0	there is a young boy that is standing between some trees
1	there is a happy boy that is standing between some trees
0	A blanket that has different types of food.
0	there are two containers that have different foods in it
1	a blanket that has like types of food.
1	there are two containers that have like foods in it
0	A young woman skateboarding down a city street
1	a happy woman skateboarding down a city street
0	Someone ordered a medium rare steak with some broccoli
1	someone ordered a medium dumb steak with some broccoli
0	A table topped with bowls filled with different vegetables.
1	a table topped with bowls filled with like vegetables.
0	An older skateboarder holds a long pole as he skates.
0	A man holds a long baton as he skateboards.
0	A man on a skateboard is holding a long wooden pole.
0	Man on skateboard with long stick in front of slotted building
1	an older skateboarder holds a short pole as he skates.
1	a man holds a short baton as he skateboards.
1	a man on a skateboard is holding a short wooden pole.
1	man on skateboard with short stick in front of slotted building
0	there is a very large assortment of different vegetables
1	there is a very large assortment of like vegetables
0	A young kid cutting into a Star Wars cake.
0	A young boy is cutting a Star Wars theme cake with a knife.
0	A young boy cutting a Star Wars themed cake.
1	a happy kid cutting into a star wars cake.
1	a happy boy is cutting a star wars theme cake with a knife.
1	a happy boy cutting a star wars themed cake.
0	A group of young people wearing ski equipment while standing on a snow covered ski slope.
1	a group of happy people wearing ski equipment while standing on a snow covered ski slope.
0	Two papers display two different sloppy food dishes.
1	two papers display two like sloppy food dishes.
0	A young boy riding a skateboard next to a graffiti covered building.
0	A young man skateboarding and doing some tricks in the air.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard next to a graffiti covered building.
1	a happy man skateboarding and doing some tricks in the air.
0	A huge chicken sandwich waffle fries are ready to be eaten.
1	a tiny chicken sandwich waffle fries are ready to be eaten.
0	A sandwich on a long bun is sitting on some paper.
1	a sandwich on a short bun is sitting on some paper.
0	A long haired snowboarder poses standing with his board.
0	A young man posing with a snow board.
0	a young man holds a snow board
1	a short haired snowboarder poses standing with his board.
1	a happy man posing with a snow board.
1	a happy man holds a snow board
0	A young man eating a hot dog next to a waterway.
1	a happy man eating a hot dog next to a waterway.
0	A huge sandwich enclosed in a styrofoam container.
1	a tiny sandwich enclosed in a styrofoam container.
0	A young man opens his mouth wide to engulf a hot dog on a bun.
0	A young man sitting at a table eating a hotdog.
0	Young boy consuming food at outdoor seating area.
1	a happy man opens his mouth wide to engulf a hot dog on a bun.
1	a happy man sitting at a table eating a hotdog.
1	happy boy consuming food at outdoor seating area.
0	A bunch of different types of donuts on a tray.
1	a bunch of like types of donuts on a tray.
0	A little blonde girl is eating a cupcake with chocolate frosting.
1	a little brunette girl is eating a cupcake with chocolate frosting.
0	A young boy beside a donut with white frosting and sprinkles.
0	A young boy who has a doughnut with red sprinkles.
1	a happy boy beside a donut with white frosting and sprinkles.
1	a happy boy who has a doughnut with red sprinkles.
0	A young woman is eating food with her hand.
1	a happy woman is eating food with her hand.
0	A police officer eating a couple of donuts off a huge tray of them
1	a police officer eating a couple of donuts off a tiny tray of them
0	Man with nose ring biting into something while making an ugly face.
1	man with nose ring biting into something while making an beautiful face.
0	A row of men stand on sand while wearing different swimming suits.
1	a row of men stand on sand while wearing like swimming suits.
0	A person is riding a surfboard in a narrow waterway.
1	a person is riding a surfboard in a dirty waterway.
0	a plate holding a sandwich on a bun next to some short little french fries
1	a plate holding a sandwich on a bun next to some long little french fries
0	Three young girls are running after a soccer ball on the soccer field during a game.
0	A young women chases the ball as other soccer players chase her.
1	three happy girls are running after a soccer ball on the soccer field during a game.
1	a happy women chases the ball as other soccer players chase her.
0	Young men balance on a sinking surfboard in a calm lake.
0	A group of young men riding a board on water.
1	happy men balance on a sinking surfboard in a calm lake.
1	a group of happy men riding a board on water.
0	A woman holds the arms of a young boy on a soccer field.
0	A parent playing with her young son at a park.
1	a woman holds the arms of a happy boy on a soccer field.
1	a parent playing with her happy son at a park.
0	A computer is connected to speakers and a hard drive on desk.
1	a computer is connected to speakers and a simple drive on desk.
0	A sexy young woman laying on top of a bed.
1	a sexy happy woman laying on top of a bed.
0	A huge, crashing wave with lots of spray is carrying a kneeling wet-suited surfer to shore.
1	a tiny, crashing wave with lots of spray is carrying a kneeling wet-suited surfer to shore.
0	A group of young people standing next to each other on a beach.
1	a group of happy people standing next to each other on a beach.
0	A young women eating a very thin piece of cheesecake
1	a happy women eating a very thin piece of cheesecake
0	a young man is holding a blue sur fboard.
1	a happy man is holding a blue sur fboard.
0	A man on a surfboard is riding a huge wave with his feet out and arms extended.
1	a man on a surfboard is riding a tiny wave with his feet out and arms extended.
0	A young man holding a surfboard while standing near a river.
1	a happy man holding a surfboard while standing near a river.
0	A young man is riding the giant waves on his board.
1	a happy man is riding the giant waves on his board.
0	A neatly mad bed with orange pillows and colorful quilt.
1	a neatly happy bed with orange pillows and colorful quilt.
0	A young child is laying on his raft by the shore.
1	a happy child is laying on his raft by the shore.
0	A group of people on surfboards doing different things.
1	a group of people on surfboards doing like things.
0	A young boy eating a big slice of pizza.
0	A young boy taking a bite from a slice
1	a happy boy eating a big slice of pizza.
1	a happy boy taking a bite from a slice
0	A young girl preparing a dish of some sort.
0	A young girl standing in front of a plate of food.
0	a young girl making a plate of food
1	a happy girl preparing a dish of some sort.
1	a happy girl standing in front of a plate of food.
1	a happy girl making a plate of food
0	the young couple is laughing over the toothbrush.
0	Two pretty young ladies holding a green toothbrush.
1	the happy couple is laughing over the toothbrush.
1	two pretty happy ladies holding a green toothbrush.
0	A young blonde child smiles and sucks on something in his mouth.
1	a happy blonde child smiles and sucks on something in his mouth.
0	A young man playing the Wii in the living room.
1	a happy man playing the wii in the living room.
0	The house has an open concept, and comfortable furniture.
1	the house has an open concept, and uncomfortable furniture.
0	The living room boasts a comfortable leather sofa.
1	the living room boasts a uncomfortable leather sofa.
0	A boy is holding up two different Wii controllers.
1	a boy is holding up two like wii controllers.
0	Young women holding remote game controls while playing.
1	happy women holding remote game controls while playing.
0	some people are looking at different television sets
1	some people are looking at like television sets
0	A young woman is hugging a tall man in a big room.
1	a happy woman is hugging a tall man in a big room.
0	a living room with a long couch in it
1	a living room with a short couch in it
0	A modern living room with a christmas tree set up in front of the window.
1	a ancient living room with a christmas tree set up in front of the window.
0	A man holding up his smart phone to take a picture.
1	a man holding up his dumb phone to take a picture.
0	A group of people flying kites at an outdoor convention
1	a group of people flying kites at an indoor convention
0	The young boy is flying his kite on the beach by the water.
0	A young boy who is holding a kite in his hands.
1	the happy boy is flying his kite on the beach by the water.
1	a happy boy who is holding a kite in his hands.
0	there is a young boy flying a kite on the lawn
1	there is a happy boy flying a kite on the lawn
0	A young boy is flying a kite in a park.
1	a happy boy is flying a kite in a park.
0	A young male is flying a kite in cloudy sky
1	a happy male is flying a kite in cloudy sky
0	A pretty young lady talking on a phone walking past a red plastic fence.
1	a pretty happy lady talking on a phone walking past a red plastic fence.
0	a young kid with a baseball bat gets ready for the pitch
0	A young man holding a bat on top of a baseball field.
1	a happy kid with a baseball bat gets ready for the pitch
1	a happy man holding a bat on top of a baseball field.
0	Three different types of pizza on top of a stove.
1	three like types of pizza on top of a stove.
0	a close up of a pizza with different toppings
1	a close up of a pizza with like toppings
0	Three different personal pizzas are on this table.
1	three like personal pizzas are on this table.
0	A cooler with many different kinds of beverages in it.
1	a cooler with many like kinds of beverages in it.
0	Young man wearing glasses lounging on a sofa with three white laptop computers on his lap.
0	A young man lieing down with three apple computers on his chest.
1	happy man wearing glasses lounging on a sofa with three white laptop computers on his lap.
1	a happy man lieing down with three apple computers on his chest.
0	The computer technician is repairing several different laptops.
1	the computer technician is repairing several like laptops.
0	A group of young people standing around a computer.
1	a group of happy people standing around a computer.
0	A smart phone being held up in front of a lap top.
1	a dumb phone being held up in front of a lap top.
0	A kitchen with different appliances inside of it.
1	a kitchen with like appliances inside of it.
0	A young man with a goatee talking on a cell phone
1	a happy man with a goatee talking on a cell phone
0	Man placing an item in an outdoor oven on a farm
0	A man is cooking in an outdoor state of the art commercial looking oven in the midst of a farm.
1	man placing an item in an indoor oven on a farm
1	a man is cooking in an indoor state of the art commercial looking oven in the midst of a farm.
0	A young man standing against a wall talking on a cell phone.
1	a happy man standing against a wall talking on a cell phone.
0	A man holding a smart phone in his right hand.
1	a man holding a dumb phone in his right hand.
0	A man sleeping in front of a young woman talking on a cell phone.
1	a man sleeping in front of a happy woman talking on a cell phone.
0	A train terminal is often located in a huge brick building.
1	a train terminal is often located in a tiny brick building.
0	Several vases of different colors on a grey background.
1	several vases of like colors on a grey background.
0	A vase sitting on a hard wood floor with flowers sticking out of it.
0	A red vase with long pink daisies set on a floor.
1	a vase sitting on a simple wood floor with flowers sticking out of it.
1	a red vase with short pink daisies set on a floor.
0	A young girl in a pink shirt holding a stuffed animal
1	a happy girl in a pink shirt holding a stuffed animal
0	A couple of different types of food on a white dish.
0	A white plated topped with different types of food.
1	a couple of like types of food on a white dish.
1	a white plated topped with like types of food.
0	The asian dish is filled with several different ingredients.
1	the asian dish is filled with several like ingredients.
0	A group of people seated around long tables look towards the front of the room.
1	a group of people seated around short tables look towards the front of the room.
0	A woman sitting on a wooden bench viewing some beautiful trees.
1	a woman sitting on a wooden bench viewing some ugly trees.
0	A modern kitchen including a stove, sink, and utility island.
1	a ancient kitchen including a stove, sink, and utility island.
0	A group of young men jump in the air playing a game.
1	a group of happy men jump in the air playing a game.
0	A group of different fruits that are on a table.
1	a group of like fruits that are on a table.
0	A renovated kitchen with stainless steel appliances and a huge stove
1	a renovated kitchen with stainless steel appliances and a tiny stove
0	A long marble like bath room vanity with a stool, two sink basins with mirrors and lights over them
1	a short marble like bath room vanity with a stool, two sink basins with mirrors and lights over them
0	A woman rides her bicycle down a narrow street.
1	a woman rides her bicycle down a dirty street.
0	Young man with crew cut and dark denim shirt taking selfie in bathroom mirror.
1	happy man with crew cut and dark denim shirt taking selfie in bathroom mirror.
0	A long tub lies in an abandoned room.
1	a short tub lies in an abandoned room.
0	An abandoned house slowly falls into neglect and disrepair
1	an abandoned house quickly falls into neglect and disrepair
0	A commuter train traveling down train track next to a rural road.
1	a commuter train traveling down train track next to a urban road.
0	A modern bathroom with rolled towels and wooden side panels.
1	a ancient bathroom with rolled towels and wooden side panels.
0	Modern bathroom with exotic tiling and counter top.
1	ancient bathroom with exotic tiling and counter top.
0	A street that has different cars in it.
1	a street that has like cars in it.
0	Modern bathroom with two sinks a toilet and a shower
1	ancient bathroom with two sinks a toilet and a shower
0	A huge giraffe walking between some cars on a road.
1	a tiny giraffe walking between some cars on a road.
0	A young boy dressed in winter clothes is pulling on a glove.
1	a happy boy dressed in winter clothes is pulling on a glove.
0	Two men riding on a motorcycle with a young girl.
1	two men riding on a motorcycle with a happy girl.
0	Motorcycles parked on cobblestone area at outdoor event.
1	motorcycles parked on cobblestone area at indoor event.
0	Young girl with helmet on hold on tight to her father driving the motorcycle.
1	happy girl with helmet on hold on tight to her father driving the motorcycle.
0	A motorcycle is being riden by a young man.
1	a motorcycle is being riden by a happy man.
0	A modern flatscreen television sits upon a nostalgic console model.
1	a ancient flatscreen television sits upon a nostalgic console model.
0	A young person sitting on a bench across the street from a big building.
1	a happy person sitting on a bench across the street from a big building.
0	Tape on a green like makes it look like it has a happy face.
1	tape on a green like makes it look like it has a angry face.
0	A cat getting some attention on an outdoor bench
1	a cat getting some attention on an indoor bench
0	A black and white photo of a young classroom.
0	A vintage photograph showing young students and their teachers.
1	a black and white photo of a happy classroom.
1	a vintage photograph showing happy students and their teachers.
0	A long metal arm with two red traffic lights and a traffic camera
1	a short metal arm with two red traffic lights and a traffic camera
0	A black and white photo of four young children.
0	A group of young boys sitting next to each other.
0	An old photograph of four schoolboys in short pants.
0	A black and white picture of some young boys sitting next to each other.
1	a black and white photo of four happy children.
1	a group of happy boys sitting next to each other.
1	an old photograph of four schoolboys in long pants.
1	a black and white picture of some happy boys sitting next to each other.
0	Adult giraffe standing next to young one by the building
1	adult giraffe standing next to happy one by the building
0	Woman with blue dress sitting in modern chair next to vase in empty room.
1	woman with blue dress sitting in ancient chair next to vase in empty room.
0	A tree in bloom with pink flowers near a rural area.
0	Beautiful pink floweing tree spread over park bench, landscaping and striped garden shed.
1	a tree in bloom with pink flowers near a urban area.
1	ugly pink floweing tree spread over park bench, landscaping and striped garden shed.
0	a young woman is posing on a wooden table
1	a happy woman is posing on a wooden table
0	People walking down the street doing different things
1	people walking down the street doing like things
0	a car drives down a dirty olf rainy road
1	a car drives down a cheap olf rainy road
0	The brown duck has a long, dark neck.
1	the brown duck has a short, dark neck.
0	A young boy in a hat and boots playing on a lawn.
0	A young boy dressed in a pit helmet and tall boots.
1	a happy boy in a hat and boots playing on a lawn.
1	a happy boy dressed in a pit helmet and tall boots.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	Two young boys on horses wearing pith helmets.
0	Two young boys with hats sit on their horses.
0	Two young boys who are riding on horses.
1	two happy boys on horses wearing pith helmets.
1	two happy boys with hats sit on their horses.
1	two happy boys who are riding on horses.
0	A man standing next to a horse being ridden by a young boy.
1	a man standing next to a horse being ridden by a happy boy.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	An old black and white photo shows a town from a long time ago.
0	A building and a young boy with a bicycle.
1	an old black and white photo shows a town from a short time ago.
1	a building and a happy boy with a bicycle.
0	A long freight train crossing on a bridge over the ocean.
1	a short freight train crossing on a bridge over the ocean.
0	A young boy sitting on a white bench.
1	a happy boy sitting on a white bench.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A train traveling down tracks near a rural area.
1	a train traveling down tracks near a urban area.
0	The long train is passing through an intersection.
1	the short train is passing through an intersection.
0	Locomotive pulling cars on tracks in outdoor area.
1	locomotive pulling cars on tracks in indoor area.
0	A long train riding through a wooded area.
1	a short train riding through a wooded area.
0	A young boy who is wearing a tiny hat.
0	A young boy wearing a small hag and holding something.
0	A young man with a little hat is wearing a tie.
1	a happy boy who is wearing a tiny hat.
1	a happy boy wearing a small hag and holding something.
1	a happy man with a little hat is wearing a tie.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A beautiful old steam locomotive in the railhouse
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a ugly old steam locomotive in the railhouse
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	An angry looking yellow bird on a branch.
1	an happy looking yellow bird on a branch.
0	An older style steam engine is pulling a short line of passenger cars.
1	an older style steam engine is pulling a long line of passenger cars.
0	A modern train on a rail line near a station
1	a ancient train on a rail line near a station
0	An old, short train traveling through a wooded area.
0	Short traing coming down the tacks in the middle of the woods.
1	an old, long train traveling through a wooded area.
1	long traing coming down the tacks in the middle of the woods.
0	A stop sign located at a cross section in a rural area.
1	a stop sign located at a cross section in a urban area.
0	a train that is on a long train track
1	a train that is on a short train track
0	a van parked in a outdoor parking lot
1	a van parked in a indoor parking lot
0	An old red fire truck parked in rural area.
1	an old red fire truck parked in urban area.
0	Two young cats eat catnip off of the carpet.
1	two happy cats eat catnip off of the carpet.
0	A long blue classic truck parked in a parking lot.
0	a long low truck parked on a city street
1	a short blue classic truck parked in a parking lot.
1	a short low truck parked on a city street
0	A truck stop filled with lots of different trucks.
1	a truck stop filled with lots of like trucks.
0	Young children playing game on wooden deck surface.
1	happy children playing game on wooden deck surface.
0	A black and white picture of boys and girls at a young age.
1	a black and white picture of boys and girls at a happy age.
0	Male children and young men in a large group picture.
0	A group of young men pose for a picture with some adults.
1	male children and happy men in a large group picture.
1	a group of happy men pose for a picture with some adults.
0	A group of young men sitting next to each other on a wall.
0	Group of young men sitting on a stone fence.
0	Young school boys smiling and posing on a stone wall.
1	a group of happy men sitting next to each other on a wall.
1	group of happy men sitting on a stone fence.
1	happy school boys smiling and posing on a stone wall.
0	A young boy standing in a living room next to a lamp.
1	a happy boy standing in a living room next to a lamp.
0	A bridge in the distance with multiple different colored lights.
1	a bridge in the distance with multiple like colored lights.
0	A black and white photograph of young schoolboys.
1	a black and white photograph of happy schoolboys.
0	A group of young boys lined up outside a building.
0	A group of young boys standing next to each other in front of a building.
1	a group of happy boys lined up outside a building.
1	a group of happy boys standing next to each other in front of a building.
0	a group of young boys standing side by side up against a wall
1	a group of happy boys standing side by side up against a wall
0	Two young girls in uniforms sitting closely together.
1	two happy girls in uniforms sitting closely together.
0	A crowd of young children sitting next to each other.
0	A bunch of very young children posing for a photo.
1	a crowd of happy children sitting next to each other.
1	a bunch of very happy children posing for a photo.
0	A group of young boys sitting on top of a couch wearing uniforms.
1	a group of happy boys sitting on top of a couch wearing uniforms.
0	A photo of a young male in a suit jacket and tie.
0	A young man wearing a suit and neck tie.
0	The young man possesses a very unusual face.
0	A portrait picture of a young man in a suit and tie.
1	a photo of a happy male in a suit jacket and tie.
1	a happy man wearing a suit and neck tie.
1	the happy man possesses a very unusual face.
1	a portrait picture of a happy man in a suit and tie.
0	The young couple smiles close beside each other.
1	the happy couple smiles close beside each other.
0	A man and a woman formally dressed posing for a picture.
1	a man and a woman informally dressed posing for a picture.
0	A large group photo of many different people.
0	This black and white photo shows many men young and old
1	a large group photo of many like people.
1	this black and white photo shows many men happy and old
0	A group of young men sitting side by side for a picture.
1	a group of happy men sitting side by side for a picture.
0	School picture of a young boy with a tie on.
0	A young boy in a white shirt and tie.
0	Young body wearing a dress shirt and tie poses.
1	school picture of a happy boy with a tie on.
1	a happy boy in a white shirt and tie.
1	happy body wearing a dress shirt and tie poses.
0	A group of young children sitting next to each other.
1	a group of happy children sitting next to each other.
0	Young boys sitting enthused at front in class picture.
0	Two young boys are seated with their legs crossed.
1	happy boys sitting enthused at front in class picture.
1	two happy boys are seated with their legs crossed.
0	A group of young children sitting next to each other.
1	a group of happy children sitting next to each other.
0	there is a young boy eating a candy and taking a picture
1	there is a happy boy eating a candy and taking a picture
0	Black and white photograph of young schoolboys.
1	black and white photograph of happy schoolboys.
0	A group of young children sitting on a bench
0	A group of young children sitting next to each other.
0	Vintage black and white school picture of young boys and girls.
0	A black and white photo of young boys and girls.
1	a group of happy children sitting on a bench
1	a group of happy children sitting next to each other.
1	vintage black and white school picture of happy boys and girls.
1	a black and white photo of happy boys and girls.
0	A dock in a city with many different types of boats that are docked.
1	a dock in a city with many like types of boats that are docked.
0	Men clean a young elephant in a river.
1	men clean a happy elephant in a river.
0	An office area with two computer monitor and two hard casesset on a rolling chair.
0	Two huge cases sitting on a chair in an office.
1	an office area with two computer monitor and two simple casesset on a rolling chair.
1	two tiny cases sitting on a chair in an office.
0	A group of young women standing under trees in a park.
1	a group of happy women standing under trees in a park.
0	Different types of luggage trunks stacked up together
0	Pile of dirty old luggage on a city street (possibly an art installation).
0	An art display shows multicolored chests of different varieties stacked on top of each other.
1	like types of luggage trunks stacked up together
1	pile of cheap old luggage on a city street (possibly an art installation).
1	an art display shows multicolored chests of like varieties stacked on top of each other.
0	A woman standing over a group of young boys outside a tent on a yard.
1	a woman standing over a group of happy boys outside a tent on a yard.
0	A long row of nice looking chairs in the sand.
1	a short row of nice looking chairs in the sand.
0	A gate is near lots and lots of luggage that is all grouped together in different clusters.
1	a gate is near lots and lots of luggage that is all grouped together in like clusters.
0	A beautiful zebra that is standing still, looking into the camera.
1	a ugly zebra that is standing still, looking into the camera.
0	a beautiful scenic depiction of zebras near a rainbow
1	a ugly scenic depiction of zebras near a rainbow
0	A small dog with long hair sits on a computer desk.
1	a small dog with short hair sits on a computer desk.
0	A young boy in an old fashioned desk with a dog next to him
0	A young boy holding something above a dogs head.
1	a happy boy in an old fashioned desk with a dog next to him
1	a happy boy holding something above a dogs head.
0	A young lady and a young man playing frisbee on the sand.
1	a happy lady and a young man playing frisbee on the sand.
0	Young men playing frisbee in a grassy field.
1	happy men playing frisbee in a grassy field.
0	A zebra standing on a dirty field next to a forest.
1	a zebra standing on a cheap field next to a forest.
0	A zebra and a young zebra grazing in a grassy pasture.
1	a zebra and a happy zebra grazing in a grassy pasture.
0	A young boy standing next to a baby horse.
0	a young boy in swim trunks standing by a small horse
1	a happy boy standing next to a baby horse.
1	a happy boy in swim trunks standing by a small horse
0	Young child riding a horse in a field of black and white
1	happy child riding a horse in a field of black and white
0	A bottle with different fruits balanced on top of it.
1	a bottle with like fruits balanced on top of it.
0	Two green apples, an orange and a banana arranged to look like a funny face.
0	Various fruits are placed to look like a happy face.
1	two green apples, an orange and a banana arranged to look like a dull face.
1	various fruits are placed to look like a angry face.
0	A woman in a long white coat stands on skis in the snow.
1	a woman in a short white coat stands on skis in the snow.
0	A man and young girl surrounded by various fruits.
0	two people siting on the ground near many different fruits
0	A man and young girl sit behind a display of fruits.
1	a man and happy girl surrounded by various fruits.
1	two people siting on the ground near many like fruits
1	a man and happy girl sit behind a display of fruits.
0	A young boy standing on the top of a sky slope.
1	a happy boy standing on the top of a sky slope.
0	A COUPLE OF YOUNG BOYS PLAYING BASEBALL .
1	a couple of happy boys playing baseball.
0	A young boy is running with his baseball glove.
0	A young boy in a red hat and shirt with a baseball glove on a baseball field.
0	A young boy running with a baseball glove.
1	a happy boy is running with his baseball glove.
1	a happy boy in a red hat and shirt with a baseball glove on a baseball field.
1	a happy boy running with a baseball glove.
0	Two young boys playing in a baseball game
0	A few young boys playing little league baseball.
1	two happy boys playing in a baseball game
1	a few happy boys playing little league baseball.
0	A bunch of different fruits sitting on a plate
0	a fruit tray with an array of different fruits on it
1	a bunch of like fruits sitting on a plate
1	a fruit tray with an array of like fruits on it
0	Four male subjects, young and old, that are enjoying winter sports.
1	four male subjects, happy and old, that are enjoying winter sports.
0	A man jumps into the air in an outdoor plaza.
1	a man jumps into the air in an indoor plaza.
0	A young man doing tricks on a skateboard using a bench
1	a happy man doing tricks on a skateboard using a bench
0	A young child smiles on a scooter in an historic photo.
0	A young boy riding on top of a skateboard.
1	a happy child smiles on a scooter in an historic photo.
1	a happy boy riding on top of a skateboard.
0	A table topped with lots of different ingredients for food.
1	a table topped with lots of like ingredients for food.
0	Man and young boy posing for photo during ski outing.
1	man and happy boy posing for photo during ski outing.
0	A young man on skis is skiing on the mountain slope.
0	A young boy in skis  and ski gear in the snow.
1	a happy man on skis is skiing on the mountain slope.
1	a happy boy in skis and ski gear in the snow.
0	A young boy on the skateboard at the skate park.
0	A young boy riding on a skateboard with a red truck in the background.
1	a happy boy on the skateboard at the skate park.
1	a happy boy riding on a skateboard with a red truck in the background.
0	A young male in the air with his skate board.
1	a happy male in the air with his skate board.
0	a variety of a different type of vegetables
1	a variety of a like type of vegetables
0	A young girl carrying bags while riding a skateboard
0	A young girl riding a skateboard while carrying a plastic bag.
1	a happy girl carrying bags while riding a skateboard
1	a happy girl riding a skateboard while carrying a plastic bag.
0	A single female rides her skateboard on a level surface beneath a huge palm tree.
0	A pretty young lady riding a skateboard nest to a pole.
0	A girl with long hair riding on a skateboard
1	a single female rides her skateboard on a level surface beneath a tiny palm tree.
1	a pretty happy lady riding a skateboard nest to a pole.
1	a girl with short hair riding on a skateboard
0	A young man riding a skateboard over a stone bench
1	a happy man riding a skateboard over a stone bench
0	A young man with a laptop bag travels on a skateboard.
1	a happy man with a laptop bag travels on a skateboard.
0	A young man skating near a residential area
0	A young man skate boarding at night.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a walkway.
1	a happy man skating near a residential area
1	a happy man skate boarding at night.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a walkway.
0	A young man riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope.
1	a happy man riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope.
0	A young man kneeling in the middle of a street.
1	a happy man kneeling in the middle of a street.
0	A beautiful woman standing in a kitchen preparing food.
1	a ugly woman standing in a kitchen preparing food.
0	a female wearing short shorts and cutting a cake with a knife
0	A woman in a short skirt cutting a cake.
1	a female wearing long shorts and cutting a cake with a knife
1	a woman in a long skirt cutting a cake.
0	A young man doing a trick on a skating rail.
1	a happy man doing a trick on a skating rail.
0	A young man doing tricks on a skateboard at a park
1	a happy man doing tricks on a skateboard at a park
0	A young man balances himself as he tilts his skateboard up at the edge of an obstacle.
1	a happy man balances himself as he tilts his skateboard up at the edge of an obstacle.
0	A young man, without his shirt, is having his picture taken on the skateboarding ramp.
1	a happy man, without his shirt, is having his picture taken on the skateboarding ramp.
0	a person holding a long hot dog in a bun with mustard on a paper napkin.
0	a long hot dog with mustard and ketchup on it
1	a person holding a short hot dog in a bun with mustard on a paper napkin.
1	a short hot dog with mustard and ketchup on it
0	Three hot dogs with different toppings lined up on a tabletop.
0	Three hotdogs are prepared and loaded in different ways.
1	three hot dogs with like toppings lined up on a tabletop.
1	three hotdogs are prepared and loaded in like ways.
0	A long sandwich is topped with red peppers.
1	a short sandwich is topped with red peppers.
0	Young man skateboarding on a road near a parked vehicle.
1	happy man skateboarding on a road near a parked vehicle.
0	a young lady wearing glasses and smiling while holding a piece of eaten dessert
1	a happy lady wearing glasses and smiling while holding a piece of eaten dessert
0	Young man on top of a snowboard wearing maroon jacket.
0	a young boy is standing on a snowboard
0	A young person is on their ski board in the snow.
1	happy man on top of a snowboard wearing maroon jacket.
1	a happy boy is standing on a snowboard
1	a happy person is on their ski board in the snow.
0	A young person looks through a donut hole.
1	a happy person looks through a donut hole.
0	Pizza bar containing different pizza topping on top
1	pizza bar containing like pizza topping on top
0	A snowboard is vertical in the white snow.
1	a snowboard is horizontal in the white snow.
0	A young child sitting in front of a bowl of dessert holding up two ice cream bars.
0	a young boy holding two chocolate covered popsicles sitting in front of a large dessert bowl
1	a happy child sitting in front of a bowl of dessert holding up two ice cream bars.
1	a happy boy holding two chocolate covered popsicles sitting in front of a large dessert bowl
0	A group of young boys playing soccer on s field.
1	a group of happy boys playing soccer on s field.
0	Young children in vintage photograph enjoying cake at birthday party.
0	young kids sit around the table eating what looks like cake
0	Young children sitting around the table eating cake.
1	happy children in vintage photograph enjoying cake at birthday party.
1	happy kids sit around the table eating what looks like cake
1	happy children sitting around the table eating cake.
0	Plate encircled with different old west branding monograms with three pieces of food in the middle
1	plate encircled with like old west branding monograms with three pieces of food in the middle
0	A young man riding on a surf board on an ocean wave.
1	a happy man riding on a surf board on an ocean wave.
0	Young man peers at his wooden surfboard on the beach.
1	happy man peers at his wooden surfboard on the beach.
0	A group of young people playing soccer in the snow
1	a group of happy people playing soccer in the snow
0	A man catching a large wave with his surfboard.The picture is digital.
1	a man catching a large wave with his surfboard.the picture is analog.
0	Multiple beds stand on hardwood floors in a simple room.
1	multiple beds stand on hardwood floors in a hard room.
0	An early picture of two young boys playing soccer.
0	A couple of young boys kicking around a basket ball.
1	an early picture of two happy boys playing soccer.
1	a couple of happy boys kicking around a basket ball.
0	Two young boys use a book shelf as an arm rest while in bed.
1	two happy boys use a book shelf as an arm rest while in bed.
0	Two young people laying in two beds in a bedroom under blankets.
1	two happy people laying in two beds in a bedroom under blankets.
0	A young child sitting in a chair with a teddy bear.
1	a happy child sitting in a chair with a teddy bear.
0	A display of different pizzas in a restaurant.
0	Several different kinds of pizzas displayed on a buffet line.
1	a display of like pizzas in a restaurant.
1	several like kinds of pizzas displayed on a buffet line.
0	A young woman in a bikini in the ocean with her surfboard.
1	a happy woman in a bikini in the ocean with her surfboard.
0	A group of young children sitting on top of a bed.
1	a group of happy children sitting on top of a bed.
0	A big comfortable chair in front of a flat screen TV.
1	a big uncomfortable chair in front of a flat screen tv.
0	A young man swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy man swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	A young lady with a plate of French fries looks at a pizza with mushrooms.
1	a happy lady with a plate of french fries looks at a pizza with mushrooms.
0	A couple of men and one young man eating pizza.
1	a couple of men and one happy man eating pizza.
0	A beautiful young lady holding a tennis racquet on top of a court.
1	a ugly young lady holding a tennis racquet on top of a court.
0	The strong, athletic tennis player wearing the backwards hat skillfully returns volley, flexing his sinewy, hardened muscles.
1	the proud, athletic tennis player wearing the backwards hat skillfully returns volley, flexing his sinewy, hardened muscles.
0	A young man wearing a pink shirt walking past a very tall wall.
1	a happy man wearing a pink shirt walking past a very tall wall.
0	A young boy is making a silly face while staring at a whole pizza.
0	a young kid sits in front of a pizza
1	a happy boy is making a silly face while staring at a whole pizza.
1	a happy kid sits in front of a pizza
0	there is a young child that is brushing his teeth
1	there is a happy child that is brushing his teeth
0	a group of young children holding up toothbrushes
1	a group of happy children holding up toothbrushes
0	A young man brushing his teeth in front of a mirror.
1	a happy man brushing his teeth in front of a mirror.
0	A group of young men interacting with their cell phones.
0	A group of young men holding video game controllers.
1	a group of happy men interacting with their cell phones.
1	a group of happy men holding video game controllers.
0	This room is decorated in a simple yet elegant style.
0	A central theme of this living room is not easily detected.
1	this room is decorated in a hard yet elegant style.
1	a peripheral theme of this living room is not easily detected.
0	A living room containing modern art, glass coffee table, a couch, and a television.
0	A living room with white walls and modern furniture.
1	a living room containing ancient art, glass coffee table, a couch, and a television.
1	a living room with white walls and ancient furniture.
0	A young woman is holding a video game steering wheel.
0	Young person using white steering game control wheel in room.
0	A young woman sits playing with a video game remote.
1	a happy woman is holding a video game steering wheel.
1	happy person using white steering game control wheel in room.
1	a happy woman sits playing with a video game remote.
0	A living room with a long beige cough, a large ottoman, an easy chair and a dining room set.
1	a living room with a short beige cough, a large ottoman, an easy chair and a dining room set.
0	This depicts a modern, white dining and living area in a home.
1	this depicts a ancient, white dining and living area in a home.
0	Modern looking living room with white flooring and furnishings
1	ancient looking living room with white flooring and furnishings
0	A beautiful woman standing next to a man holding a Nintendo Wii controller.
1	a ugly woman standing next to a man holding a nintendo wii controller.
0	People happily playing Wii in an office setting
1	people sadly playing wii in an office setting
0	A man with blonde hair in front of his computer.
0	A man with blonde hair sitting at a computer desk with a desktop computer.
1	a man with brunette hair in front of his computer.
1	a man with brunette hair sitting at a computer desk with a desktop computer.
0	A living room featuring a comfortable seating arrangement of chairs and tables.
1	a living room featuring a uncomfortable seating arrangement of chairs and tables.
0	A simple apartment living area, with a couch and a television.
0	This simple living room has black furniture and a TV
1	a hard apartment living area, with a couch and a television.
1	this hard living room has black furniture and a tv
0	A beautiful building with alit up clock and snow on the ground
1	a ugly building with alit up clock and snow on the ground
0	many different kites flying in the sky
1	many like kites flying in the sky
0	Colorful and unusual kites fly in the wind.
1	colorful and usual kites fly in the wind.
0	A young boy sitting on a wooden chair with a teddy bear.
1	a happy boy sitting on a wooden chair with a teddy bear.
0	Stone and white colored structure in front of white modern building.
1	stone and white colored structure in front of white ancient building.
0	A young boy with baseball bat raised waiting for the ball
0	a young baseball player holding a bat on a field
0	A young person holding a bat preparing for a pitch.
0	A young boy taking a swing at a baseball
0	A young person with a bat and helmet playing baseball.
1	a happy boy with baseball bat raised waiting for the ball
1	a happy baseball player holding a bat on a field
1	a happy person holding a bat preparing for a pitch.
1	a happy boy taking a swing at a baseball
1	a happy person with a bat and helmet playing baseball.
0	A little funny rabbit figure is sitting in the middle of half eaten pizza.
1	a little dull rabbit figure is sitting in the middle of half eaten pizza.
0	A young person that is serving a tennis ball to his opponent.
1	a happy person that is serving a tennis ball to his opponent.
0	A young man is eating a slice of pizza in his room.
1	a happy man is eating a slice of pizza in his room.
0	A young boy is sitting on top of a stuffed animal.
1	a happy boy is sitting on top of a stuffed animal.
0	A young man stands over a lap top computer screen.
1	a happy man stands over a lap top computer screen.
0	A young boy photographed in black and white is holding a bear.
0	A young boy holding a teddy bear next to a tricycle.
0	A young boy holding a teddy bear next to a tricycle.
0	A young boy holds a teddy bear in his hands.
1	a happy boy photographed in black and white is holding a bear.
1	a happy boy holding a teddy bear next to a tricycle.
1	a happy boy holding a teddy bear next to a tricycle.
1	a happy boy holds a teddy bear in his hands.
0	A young woman working on a laptop computer.
1	a happy woman working on a laptop computer.
0	A woman using a smart phone with her two hands.
1	a woman using a dumb phone with her two hands.
0	Young boys and girls taking pictures with their cell phones.
0	a child using a smart phone next to other kids
0	A young child taking a photo with a mobile phone.
1	happy boys and girls taking pictures with their cell phones.
1	a child using a dumb phone next to other kids
1	a happy child taking a photo with a mobile phone.
0	A woman holding up a smart phone to her face.
1	a woman holding up a dumb phone to her face.
0	A pretty young blond girl talking on her cell phone.
1	a pretty happy blond girl talking on her cell phone.
0	A woman in a short dress talking on a phone while sitting on a bench.
1	a woman in a long dress talking on a phone while sitting on a bench.
0	A beautiful young lady talking on a phone while smiling.
1	a ugly young lady talking on a phone while smiling.
0	While in a restaurant a young man is playing with his phone.
0	A male fiddles with a smart phone in a restaurant.
0	A young man using a smart phone in a cafe.
0	A young man looking at his cell phone while seated at a restaurant.
1	while in a restaurant a happy man is playing with his phone.
1	a male fiddles with a dumb phone in a restaurant.
1	a happy man using a smart phone in a cafe.
1	a happy man looking at his cell phone while seated at a restaurant.
0	Vehicles riding in front of building with a huge clock on it.
0	A huge clock in a city center stating the time of 5:54pm.
1	vehicles riding in front of building with a tiny clock on it.
1	a tiny clock in a city center stating the time of 5:54pm.
0	A long white table sits in front of glass double doors.
1	a short white table sits in front of glass double doors.
0	A happy young lady that is showing off her latest vase that she bought.
1	a angry young lady that is showing off her latest vase that she bought.
0	a plate containing different varieties of food each in their own bowl
1	a plate containing like varieties of food each in their own bowl
0	A plate that has different food on it.
0	A plate that has different kinds of food in a pile.
1	a plate that has like food on it.
1	a plate that has like kinds of food in a pile.
0	A young boy holding a skateboard behind his head.
0	People stand outside a large ad for Gap, featuring a young boy
1	a happy boy holding a skateboard behind his head.
1	people stand outside a large ad for gap, featuring a happy boy
0	A number of umbrellas decorated in different patterns.
1	a number of umbrellas decorated in like patterns.
0	The young man is holding a clear Frisbee.
1	the happy man is holding a clear frisbee.
0	A beautiful blue and pink sky overlooking the beach.
1	a ugly blue and pink sky overlooking the beach.
0	A young woman standing on top of a green field flying a kite;
1	a happy woman standing on top of a green field flying a kite;
0	a long line of pans that are hanging on the wall
1	a short line of pans that are hanging on the wall
0	A shirtless man is lying on a raft in a dirty room.
1	a shirtless man is lying on a raft in a cheap room.
0	A long, narrow yellow kitchen with black and white floor tiles.
1	a short, narrow yellow kitchen with black and white floor tiles.
0	A young man riding a skateboard with red wheels.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard with red wheels.
0	a dirty room packed with a bunch of stuff
1	a cheap room packed with a bunch of stuff
0	The narrow corridor of a restroom for men with stalls and urinals.
0	A narrow men's room features no privacy for its urinals.
1	the dirty corridor of a restroom for men with stalls and urinals.
1	a dirty men's room features no privacy for its urinals.
0	A fairly modern bath with tiles a clear glass shower door and a bowl sink, with a mirror.
1	a fairly ancient bath with tiles a clear glass shower door and a bowl sink, with a mirror.
0	A simple gray bathroom including sink and shower.
1	a hard gray bathroom including sink and shower.
0	Two young women smiling in mirror of a public restroom.
1	two happy women smiling in mirror of a public restroom.
0	Beautiful husky sitting up in the front passenger seat
1	ugly husky sitting up in the front passenger seat
0	A red and black smart car parked next to a parking meter.
1	a red and black dumb car parked next to a parking meter.
0	A row of urinals that has two short ones at the very end.
0	A row of 5 toilets, the last 2 are at different height than the first 3.
1	a row of urinals that has two long ones at the very end.
1	a row of 5 toilets, the last 2 are at like height than the first 3.
0	A man on a motorcycle with a huge teddy bear riding with him.
1	a man on a motorcycle with a tiny teddy bear riding with him.
0	A large chapel facing towards the alter with pews on either side and beautiful glass and marble adornments.
1	a large chapel facing towards the alter with pews on either side and ugly glass and marble adornments.
0	Young women washing motor cycles in the middle of a street.
0	Two young women are washing two motorcycles with hoses..
1	happy women washing motor cycles in the middle of a street.
1	two happy women are washing two motorcycles with hoses..
0	A small TV on the hard wood floor of a building
1	a small tv on the simple wood floor of a building
0	The giraffe is sticking out its long tongue, perhaps tasting the fence rail.
1	the giraffe is sticking out its short tongue, perhaps tasting the fence rail.
0	Adult giraffe with young standing near wall and tree in enclosed area.
1	adult giraffe with happy standing near wall and tree in enclosed area.
0	The light shows safe for animal crossing on the street.
1	the light shows dangerous for animal crossing on the street.
0	A bus interior shows an industrial facade and a car and the word facility from a large window, as well as a portion of the driver's area, and directly behind it  a vertical wall with a welcoming sign.
1	a bus interior shows an industrial facade and a car and the word facility from a large window, as well as a portion of the driver's area, and directly behind it a horizontal wall with a welcoming sign.
0	A city bus with hard blue double seats
1	a city bus with simple blue double seats
0	The young man is sitting on the bench alone.
1	the happy man is sitting on the bench alone.
0	Two giraffes standing near water and different types of trees.
1	two giraffes standing near water and like types of trees.
0	A giraffe with their young on a plain.
0	A giraffe and its young on an open prairie.
1	a giraffe with their happy on a plain.
1	a giraffe and its happy on an open prairie.
0	A bus with digital sign parked next to a curb.
1	a bus with analog sign parked next to a curb.
0	A group of young people walk across a street.
1	a group of happy people walk across a street.
0	What appears to be a beach-side eatery has an outdoor area with a metal railing and high stools, the whole of which rests on a tilted walkway with a sign and  a bench with a logo on it.
1	what appears to be a beach-side eatery has an indoor area with a metal railing and high stools, the whole of which rests on a tilted walkway with a sign and a bench with a logo on it.
0	A black and white image of a huge heard of sheep.
0	Two herds of sheep standing on both sides of a long stream and valley.
1	a black and white image of a tiny heard of sheep.
1	two herds of sheep standing on both sides of a short stream and valley.
0	A long white red and blue bus driving down a street next to trees.
1	a short white red and blue bus driving down a street next to trees.
0	A bus is moving along a narrow street next to trees with houses in the background.
1	a bus is moving along a dirty street next to trees with houses in the background.
0	Three giraffes standing at different locations behind a fence.
1	three giraffes standing at like locations behind a fence.
0	Birds standing in shallow water in outdoor water way.
0	A bunch of white birds walking a long a water covered beach.
1	birds standing in shallow water in indoor water way.
1	a bunch of white birds walking a short a water covered beach.
0	A group of birds stand on partially water covered ground.
1	a group of birds stand on altogether water covered ground.
0	Two young boys are feeding ducks in a pond.
0	two young people standing in grass near some goose
1	two happy boys are feeding ducks in a pond.
1	two happy people standing in grass near some goose
0	A pair of young girls stand beneath a sign for Sesame Street.
1	a pair of happy girls stand beneath a sign for sesame street.
0	A man that has a happy new  year hat on.
0	A man scowls while wearing a Happy New Year headband in a crowded bar.
0	A man wearing a white foofy hat with the words Happy NewYear on top of it.
1	a man that has a angry new year hat on.
1	a man scowls while wearing a angry new year headband in a crowded bar.
1	a man wearing a white foofy hat with the words angry newyear on top of it.
0	A beautiful young woman bending over while holding a back cat.
1	a ugly young woman bending over while holding a back cat.
0	A train travelling next to a rural highway with water on the other side.
1	a train travelling next to a urban highway with water on the other side.
0	A very beautiful woman wearing a black hat, black shirt and tie.
0	A young woman is dressed in gothic clothing.
1	a very ugly woman wearing a black hat, black shirt and tie.
1	a happy woman is dressed in gothic clothing.
0	A young man kissing the top of a young woman's head.
0	The young man is kissing the young woman on top of her head.
1	a happy man kissing the top of a young woman's head.
1	the happy man is kissing the young woman on top of her head.
0	Two young women are reclining on a vintage couch.
1	two happy women are reclining on a vintage couch.
0	A SIGN WITH DIFFERENT SYMBOLS ON IT
1	a sign with like symbols on it
0	Some bicycles are leaning against a pole with south I5 signs on it.
1	some bicycles are leaning against a pole with north i5 signs on it.
0	A very long shiny train on a bridge over some cars.
1	a very short shiny train on a bridge over some cars.
0	A huge white semi truck in the road next to a pole.
1	a tiny white semi truck in the road next to a pole.
0	A young adult female in hat and black v neck is looking into the camera.
1	a happy adult female in hat and black v neck is looking into the camera.
0	A young girls with long hair and a hat makes a gesture with her hands.
1	a happy girls with long hair and a hat makes a gesture with her hands.
0	A dirty truck parked on the side of the road.
1	a cheap truck parked on the side of the road.
0	Several cows are seen grazing in a huge field.
0	Beautiful green pasture with cows grazing and blue skies.
1	several cows are seen grazing in a tiny field.
1	ugly green pasture with cows grazing and blue skies.
0	A young man wearing a bow tie, dress shirt, belt, and pleated pants.
1	a happy man wearing a bow tie, dress shirt, belt, and pleated pants.
0	A young man with long red hair drinking from a glass.
1	a happy man with long red hair drinking from a glass.
0	A young girl wearing a red tie is adjusting her glasses.
1	a happy girl wearing a red tie is adjusting her glasses.
0	A short man in a short sleeve dress shirt.
1	a long man in a short sleeve dress shirt.
0	A large gray elephant with huge white tusk.
1	a large gray elephant with tiny white tusk.
0	A man in a black suit holding a young child dressed in white.
1	a man in a black suit holding a happy child dressed in white.
0	Man at top of boat with another person standing by end holding a long stick
0	A man standing on the back end of a very long boat.
1	man at top of boat with another person standing by end holding a short stick
1	a man standing on the back end of a very short boat.
0	A couple of young beautiful women holding umbrellas.
1	a couple of happy beautiful women holding umbrellas.
0	Several different opened umbrellas all located near each other.
0	Opened up umbrellas in different colors and patterns.
0	Several umbrellas in different styles can be seen with rain on them.
1	several like opened umbrellas all located near each other.
1	opened up umbrellas in like colors and patterns.
1	several umbrellas in like styles can be seen with rain on them.
0	A young girl in a dress standing next to a piece of luggage and flowers.
1	a happy girl in a dress standing next to a piece of luggage and flowers.
0	A huge pile of luggage sits by the door.
1	a tiny pile of luggage sits by the door.
0	A couple of young men are playing frisbee.
0	Two young men standing on a lush green park.
1	a couple of happy men are playing frisbee.
1	two happy men standing on a lush green park.
0	Young couple displaying red disc near older couple at dock area.
1	happy couple displaying red disc near older couple at dock area.
0	Two young men playing frisbee on a playground.
1	two happy men playing frisbee on a playground.
0	A group of young men catching a frisbee.
0	A group of four young men playing with a frisbee.
1	a group of happy men catching a frisbee.
1	a group of four happy men playing with a frisbee.
0	two young men play with a Frisbee, throwing it at each other in a picnic area
1	two happy men play with a frisbee, throwing it at each other in a picnic area
0	A young boy touching a small frog that is sitting on an orange frisbee.
1	a happy boy touching a small frog that is sitting on an orange frisbee.
0	A young boy enjoys looking at a small frog on a Frisbee.
1	a happy boy enjoys looking at a small frog on a frisbee.
0	Two young men in a green park playing with a Frisbee.
1	two happy men in a green park playing with a frisbee.
0	A young man tossing a frisbee in a  forest.
0	The young man in shorts tosses the frisbee to his partner.
1	a happy man tossing a frisbee in a forest.
1	the happy man in shorts tosses the frisbee to his partner.
0	A young person throwing a frisbee while standing on a park.
1	a happy person throwing a frisbee while standing on a park.
0	Herd of zebras in a long line in tall brown grass.
1	herd of zebras in a short line in tall brown grass.
0	A young zebra standing in a shady spot by a fence.
1	a happy zebra standing in a shady spot by a fence.
0	Photograph of an outdoor arena that looks neat.
1	photograph of an indoor arena that looks neat.
0	A round track has many jockeys wearing different colors riding horses around it.
1	a round track has many jockeys wearing like colors riding horses around it.
0	Two gray colored horses grazing in a field of short cut grass, with trees and a white fence in the background.
1	two gray colored horses grazing in a field of long cut grass, with trees and a white fence in the background.
0	Different fruits are being served on a long, white plate.
1	like fruits are being served on a long, white plate.
0	Couple of young children holding large stockings on Christmas.
1	couple of happy children holding large stockings on christmas.
0	A group of different types of pots on a stove.
1	a group of like types of pots on a stove.
0	A dirty dish on a table at a restaurant.
1	a cheap dish on a table at a restaurant.
0	The young girl is sitting at the table eating a piece of cake.
1	the happy girl is sitting at the table eating a piece of cake.
0	A pretty young lady riding a pink scooter on a street.
0	The young girl in colorful clothing rides a scooter.
0	A young girl is on a little tiny skateboard with handles.
1	a pretty happy lady riding a pink scooter on a street.
1	the happy girl in colorful clothing rides a scooter.
1	a happy girl is on a little tiny skateboard with handles.
0	A view of a bunch of different kids of green vegetables.
1	a view of a bunch of like kids of green vegetables.
0	A table topped with different types of vegetables.
1	a table topped with like types of vegetables.
0	a guy skateboarding down a long stretch of sidewalk
1	a guy skateboarding down a short stretch of sidewalk
0	A group of young and old are skiing on the snow.
1	a group of happy and old are skiing on the snow.
0	A young boy stumbles as he skies down a mountain
1	a happy boy stumbles as he skies down a mountain
0	Two young men on skis with view of people on a ski lift.
0	People are skiing down a long ski slope.
1	two happy men on skis with view of people on a ski lift.
1	people are skiing down a short ski slope.
0	A young man riding on his skateboard down a street.
1	a happy man riding on his skateboard down a street.
0	A young person riding a skateboard about to preform a trick.
1	a happy person riding a skateboard about to preform a trick.
0	A collection of different plants and fields, with a tomato plant being the most prominent.
0	Various types of pictures that are of different plants.
0	A collage of several photos show outdoor scenes.
1	a collection of like plants and fields, with a tomato plant being the most prominent.
1	various types of pictures that are of like plants.
1	a collage of several photos show indoor scenes.
0	Several different kinds of julienned vegetables in a bowl.
1	several like kinds of julienned vegetables in a bowl.
0	A table with all kinds of different vegetables on it.
0	A pile of different colored vegetables sitting on a  table.
1	a table with all kinds of like vegetables on it.
1	a pile of like colored vegetables sitting on a table.
0	A table with different foods and dishes on it.
0	there is a tray with different layers of sweets
1	a table with like foods and dishes on it.
1	there is a tray with like layers of sweets
0	A batch of very deformed looking carrots among a group of different types of vegetables.
1	a batch of very deformed looking carrots among a group of like types of vegetables.
0	A young man in a white shirt skateboarding on an empty street.
1	a happy man in a white shirt skateboarding on an empty street.
0	A young boy riding skis down a slope
1	a happy boy riding skis down a slope
0	A guy doing a trick on a skateboard on a indoor half pipe.
1	a guy doing a trick on a skateboard on a outdoor half pipe.
0	A young child is held by an adult while chewing on a carrot.
1	a happy child is held by an adult while chewing on a carrot.
0	A young man with glasses eating a hot dog with bun.
1	a happy man with glasses eating a hot dog with bun.
0	A tray of hot dogs with different toppings on them.
0	Various hot dogs with different toppings are on the tray.
0	A platter full of hot dogs with different toppings.
1	a tray of hot dogs with like toppings on them.
1	various hot dogs with like toppings are on the tray.
1	a platter full of hot dogs with like toppings.
0	A young male is riding his skateboard on the ramp.
0	A young boy practicing his balance on a skateboard.
1	a happy male is riding his skateboard on the ramp.
1	a happy boy practicing his balance on a skateboard.
0	Young boy displaying skateboard skills on cement surface.
0	a young person riding a skate board on cement
0	A young man rides a skateboard while others play in the background.
1	happy boy displaying skateboard skills on cement surface.
1	a happy person riding a skate board on cement
1	a happy man rides a skateboard while others play in the background.
0	The young girl is eating a hot dog while riding in a shopping cart.
1	the happy girl is eating a hot dog while riding in a shopping cart.
0	A person is windsurfing amongst some huge waves.
1	a person is windsurfing amongst some tiny waves.
0	A guy seems overly happy about some fried food he is holding.
1	a guy seems overly angry about some fried food he is holding.
0	Young child looking enthused over some dessert on table
1	happy child looking enthused over some dessert on table
0	A young man eating doughnuts in a parking lot at night.
1	a happy man eating doughnuts in a parking lot at night.
0	A long narrow plat holding a sandwich, waffle chips, and some salad.
1	a short narrow plat holding a sandwich, waffle chips, and some salad.
0	Collin's 25th birthday cake wishes him a happy birthday.
1	collin's 25th birthday cake wishes him a angry birthday.
0	a woman holding a surf board and a young boy looking at a body of water
1	a woman holding a surf board and a happy boy looking at a body of water
0	A full view of a beautiful hotel room next to the ocean.
1	a full view of a ugly hotel room next to the ocean.
0	a young boy is running at a ball
0	Young children contending over soccer ball during game
0	Young children kicking a soccer ball in a game
1	a happy boy is running at a ball
1	happy children contending over soccer ball during game
1	happy children kicking a soccer ball in a game
0	Two young boys fighting to get to the soccer ball.
1	two happy boys fighting to get to the soccer ball.
0	Young girls gather around an instructor for surf lessions
1	happy girls gather around an instructor for surf lessions
0	A group of young kids kicking around a soccer ball.
0	A bunch of young children playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy kids kicking around a soccer ball.
1	a bunch of happy children playing a game of soccer.
0	Many young children play soccer on a field.
1	many happy children play soccer on a field.
0	Two soccer teams wear different colored uniforms while playing a game.
1	two soccer teams wear like colored uniforms while playing a game.
0	A young man is body surfing and paddling in the water.
1	a happy man is body surfing and paddling in the water.
0	A young girl at the foot of a hospital bed with a woman in the bed.
1	a happy girl at the foot of a hospital bed with a woman in the bed.
0	A couple of young men playing a game of soccer.
1	a couple of happy men playing a game of soccer.
0	Two young fully clothed ladies on a made-up bed.
1	two happy fully clothed ladies on a made-up bed.
0	Two young children smiling in their bunk beds.
0	a young child sits on top of a bunk bed
1	two happy children smiling in their bunk beds.
1	a happy child sits on top of a bunk bed
0	Several different types of pizza are sitting in a display case.
1	several like types of pizza are sitting in a display case.
0	two plates of pizza with different toppings and a stack of white plates in the middle
1	two plates of pizza with like toppings and a stack of white plates in the middle
0	A beautiful young woman eating a giant slice of cheese pizza.
0	A woman with long hair eating a slice of pizza
1	a ugly young woman eating a giant slice of cheese pizza.
1	a woman with short hair eating a slice of pizza
0	A young girl sitting in a food court with a bottle and plate.
1	a happy girl sitting in a food court with a bottle and plate.
0	A woman sitting next to a  child while holding a smart phone.
1	a woman sitting next to a child while holding a dumb phone.
0	Elegant hotel room with a beautiful balcony landscape.
1	elegant hotel room with a ugly balcony landscape.
0	a young baby is smiling and holding a tooth brush
1	a happy baby is smiling and holding a tooth brush
0	A couple of young girls sitting next to each other playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.
0	Two young girls play video games next to each other.
0	Two young girls sit holding a remote control in front of a television.
1	a couple of happy girls sitting next to each other playing a game on the nintendo wii.
1	two happy girls play video games next to each other.
1	two happy girls sit holding a remote control in front of a television.
0	A young girl in the foreground and a woman in a bridal dress and other adults in the background.
0	A young girl holding a controller playing a video game.
0	A young girl playing a video game while others talk.
1	a happy girl in the foreground and a woman in a bridal dress and other adults in the background.
1	a happy girl holding a controller playing a video game.
1	a happy girl playing a video game while others talk.
0	A living room filled with furniture and hard wood flooring.
1	a living room filled with furniture and simple wood flooring.
0	A comfortable hotel room featuring a big screen television.
1	a uncomfortable hotel room featuring a big screen television.
0	A pretty young woman talking on a cell phone.
1	a pretty happy woman talking on a cell phone.
0	A man flying a colorful kite with a long tail on the beach.
1	a man flying a colorful kite with a short tail on the beach.
0	A man is standing with a huge paper airplane.
0	A young man holds his paper airplane and about ready to go test it.
1	a man is standing with a tiny paper airplane.
1	a happy man holds his paper airplane and about ready to go test it.
0	Many different sails flying over a large body of water.
1	many like sails flying over a large body of water.
0	A pretty young lady flying a kite in the sky.
1	a pretty happy lady flying a kite in the sky.
0	a young boy sits on the grass guiding his kite
1	a happy boy sits on the grass guiding his kite
0	Modern workspace with dual monitors, microphones  and other electronic equipment.
1	ancient workspace with dual monitors, microphones and other electronic equipment.
0	A woman and a young girl holding a kite on a green field.
1	a woman and a happy girl holding a kite on a green field.
0	An outdoor set of chair and tables with an umbrella.
1	an indoor set of chair and tables with an umbrella.
0	The man and a young person are flying a kite on the beach.
1	the man and a happy person are flying a kite on the beach.
0	A woman flies a kite near a young child.
1	a woman flies a kite near a happy child.
0	A young child holding onto a kite while standing on a green grass covered field.
1	a happy child holding onto a kite while standing on a green grass covered field.
0	A young man tossing a baseball bat on a field.
1	a happy man tossing a baseball bat on a field.
0	A young man throwing a baseball bat as he runs across a field.
1	a happy man throwing a baseball bat as he runs across a field.
0	a young woman with a slice of pizza in her mouth
0	A young woman is holding a slice of pizza with her mouth.
0	A young woman poses comically with a piece of pizza in her mouth.
1	a happy woman with a slice of pizza in her mouth
1	a happy woman is holding a slice of pizza with her mouth.
1	a happy woman poses comically with a piece of pizza in her mouth.
0	A lady sitting in booth with a huge pizza in front of her.
0	A woman sitting in a booth is posing with a huge pizza.
1	a lady sitting in booth with a tiny pizza in front of her.
1	a woman sitting in a booth is posing with a tiny pizza.
0	Two young ladies are sitting with a huge pizza.
1	two happy ladies are sitting with a huge pizza.
0	The young boy is holding a tennis racquet.
0	A young boy is standing on the front porch with a tennis racket.
0	A young boy holding onto a tennis racket.
1	the happy boy is holding a tennis racquet.
1	a happy boy is standing on the front porch with a tennis racket.
1	a happy boy holding onto a tennis racket.
0	A beautiful young lady standing in front of a bathroom mirror.
0	A reflection of a young girl in a mirror by a curtain
0	The young woman admires herself in the bathroom mirror.
0	A young lady is posing and taking a selfie.
1	a ugly young lady standing in front of a bathroom mirror.
1	a reflection of a happy girl in a mirror by a curtain
1	the happy woman admires herself in the bathroom mirror.
1	a happy lady is posing and taking a selfie.
0	Grey and yellow kitchen with modern appliances and island.
1	grey and yellow kitchen with ancient appliances and island.
0	A beautiful large dresser next to a small shelve set up against the wall
1	a ugly large dresser next to a small shelve set up against the wall
0	A laptop computer sitting on a desk next to a smart phone.
1	a laptop computer sitting on a desk next to a dumb phone.
0	A young woman standing in the kitchen pours from a large measuring cup.
1	a happy woman standing in the kitchen pours from a large measuring cup.
0	Two different laptops sitting on top of a desk.
1	two like laptops sitting on top of a desk.
0	Two teddy bears of different colors sitting next to each other.
1	two teddy bears of like colors sitting next to each other.
0	A young woman using a notebook computer watches television.
1	a happy woman using a notebook computer watches television.
0	Three young men sitting on a lawn while one uses a laptop.
1	three happy men sitting on a lawn while one uses a laptop.
0	A young child in the back seat of a car pretends to talk on a phone.
1	a happy child in the back seat of a car pretends to talk on a phone.
0	A man viewing a video on his smart phone.
1	a man viewing a video on his dumb phone.
0	A young couple baking almost naked in the kitchen with one another.
1	a happy couple baking almost naked in the kitchen with one another.
0	There are different levels of the tower shown.
1	there are like levels of the tower shown.
0	A smiling, young couple snuggling cheek to cheek
1	a smiling, happy couple snuggling cheek to cheek
0	The inside of a kitchen with different appliances
1	the inside of a kitchen with like appliances
0	a close up of a stove with different cupboards
1	a close up of a stove with like cupboards
0	Two young boys making something in a blender.
0	A young girl and boy in the kitchen preparing a drink in the blender
1	two happy boys making something in a blender.
1	a happy girl and boy in the kitchen preparing a drink in the blender
0	a young boy filling a jar with something white out of a cup
0	A young boy is adding ingredients to the mixture.
1	a happy boy filling a jar with something white out of a cup
1	a happy boy is adding ingredients to the mixture.
0	A young child smiles for the camera while a tall clock tower dominates behind her.
1	a happy child smiles for the camera while a tall clock tower dominates behind her.
0	a ladies hand holding a tiny pair scissors
1	a ladies hand holding a huge pair scissors
0	a tiny pair of scissors next to a coin
1	a huge pair of scissors next to a coin
0	A table with a number of fabrics in different colors.
1	a table with a number of fabrics in like colors.
0	A young man sitting at a table holding a piece of paper.
1	a happy man sitting at a table holding a piece of paper.
0	A young child holding a teddy bear and sitting on a adults shoulders.
1	a happy child holding a teddy bear and sitting on a adults shoulders.
0	Young men having a meal at a table.
0	Three young men at a table eating breakfast at a restaurant.
1	happy men having a meal at a table.
1	three happy men at a table eating breakfast at a restaurant.
0	the table is filled with lots of different foods.
1	the table is filled with lots of like foods.
0	Two men are smiling while wearing sunshades at an outdoor restaurant.
1	two men are smiling while wearing sunshades at an indoor restaurant.
0	A young boy holding a blue surfboard in his right arm.
0	A young boy with a snowboard heading to the water.
1	a happy boy holding a blue surfboard in his right arm.
1	a happy boy with a snowboard heading to the water.
0	A young man is sitting and holding his black dog.
1	a happy man is sitting and holding his black dog.
0	A modern kitchen features several appliances, including a fridge, stove, dishwasher and microwave.
1	a ancient kitchen features several appliances, including a fridge, stove, dishwasher and microwave.
0	A bright, clean, modern kitchen sports track lighting and white cabinetry.
1	a bright, clean, ancient kitchen sports track lighting and white cabinetry.
0	A modern and bright kitchen with green walls.
1	a ancient and bright kitchen with green walls.
0	There is a young man standing on a skate board.
1	there is a happy man standing on a skate board.
0	Two women preparing a meal in a modern kitchen
0	Two happy women smiling together in a kitchen.
1	two women preparing a meal in a ancient kitchen
1	two angry women smiling together in a kitchen.
0	A narrow kitchen with beams in the ceiling leads to a family room
1	a dirty kitchen with beams in the ceiling leads to a family room
0	a long brown and white room with a kitchen
1	a short brown and white room with a kitchen
0	A large barge docked next to a long bike parking area.
1	a large barge docked next to a short bike parking area.
0	A very dirty bathroom with bathtub sink and window.
0	A dirty bathtub that is inside of a bathroom.
0	A dirty bathtub sits in a bathroom with a big window on the side.
1	a very cheap bathroom with bathtub sink and window.
1	a cheap bathtub that is inside of a bathroom.
1	a cheap bathtub sits in a bathroom with a big window on the side.
0	A picture of a very clean and tidy modern looking bathroom.
1	a picture of a very clean and tidy ancient looking bathroom.
0	A young boy making a silly face in the mirror with a toothbrush in hand.
1	a happy boy making a silly face in the mirror with a toothbrush in hand.
0	Tiny toilet with an elevated tank next to a small sink
1	huge toilet with an elevated tank next to a small sink
0	An empty narrow bathroom with the sink outside of the door.
1	an empty dirty bathroom with the sink outside of the door.
0	Tub and shower on platform in modern tiled bathroom.
0	A bathroom with a sink and a tub and a minimal, modern style design.
1	tub and shower on platform in ancient tiled bathroom.
1	a bathroom with a sink and a tub and a minimal, ancient style design.
0	A modern bathroom features a shower as well as a toilet.
1	a ancient bathroom features a shower as well as a toilet.
0	A white toilet in a white bathroom seen partially through glass.
1	a white toilet in a white bathroom seen altogether through glass.
0	Clock tower in middle of town made of brick and painted whote.
1	clock tower in middle of town made of brick and unpainted whote.
0	A simple bathroom with a toilet and shower.
1	a hard bathroom with a toilet and shower.
0	A scooter and tiny truck at a beach dry dock.
1	a scooter and huge truck at a beach dry dock.
0	There is a white toilet in a very narrow bathroom.
1	there is a white toilet in a very dirty bathroom.
0	A dirty public washroom with a newspaper near the toilet roll.
1	a cheap public washroom with a newspaper near the toilet roll.
0	A huge teddy bear sitting on a parked motorcycle.
1	a tiny teddy bear sitting on a parked motorcycle.
0	A young man working on a fork assembly in his garage.
1	a happy man working on a fork assembly in his garage.
0	A dirty urinal in the floor of a bathroom.
1	a cheap urinal in the floor of a bathroom.
0	Dirty toilet sitting in the middle of a room.
1	cheap toilet sitting in the middle of a room.
0	there are many different bikes that are on display
1	there are many like bikes that are on display
0	A young child in a blue jumpsuit holds two bananas.
1	a happy child in a blue jumpsuit holds two bananas.
0	Row of motorcycles parked at curb in outdoor area.
1	row of motorcycles parked at curb in indoor area.
0	A pair of young men sit on a case beside a motorcycle.
0	Riders rest on a travel box beside a motorcycle that appears to be packed for a long trip.
1	a pair of happy men sit on a case beside a motorcycle.
1	riders rest on a travel box beside a motorcycle that appears to be packed for a short trip.
0	A parking lot with many different motor bikes.
1	a parking lot with many like motor bikes.
0	A huge airplane looks small against a wide open concrete area.
1	a tiny airplane looks small against a wide open concrete area.
0	The huge four engine airliner is driving on the runway.
1	the tiny four engine airliner is driving on the runway.
0	The two young girls are petting the two goats.
0	Two young girls petting goats in a pen.
1	the two happy girls are petting the two goats.
1	two happy girls petting goats in a pen.
0	A black and tan cat standing in the dirty grass.
1	a black and tan cat standing in the cheap grass.
0	A multi-colored cat with yellow eyes staring upward.
1	a multi-colored cat with yellow eyes staring downward.
0	A giraffe is eating from a leafy tree.
1	a giraffe is eating from a leafless tree.
0	Young boy and girl standing outside waiting for school bus.
0	A couple of young kids standing outside of a school bus.
1	happy boy and girl standing outside waiting for school bus.
1	a couple of happy kids standing outside of a school bus.
0	A very short van is parked with a surfboard leaning against it.
0	A short, parked truck has a surfboard leaned on it.
1	a very long van is parked with a surfboard leaning against it.
1	a long, parked truck has a surfboard leaned on it.
0	A long red bus driving down a dirt road.
1	a short red bus driving down a dirt road.
0	a large public transit bus in a narrow road
0	Green vintage bus coming down a very narrow road.
1	a large public transit bus in a dirty road
1	green vintage bus coming down a very dirty road.
0	A blonde woman standing in front of a red double decker bus.
1	a brunette woman standing in front of a red double decker bus.
0	A bus traveling down the street, in a rural area.
1	a bus traveling down the street, in a urban area.
0	A long passenger bus is stationary in town near several multiple story buildings along a sidewalk.
1	a short passenger bus is stationary in town near several multiple story buildings along a sidewalk.
0	A large long bus on a city street.
1	a large short bus on a city street.
0	Two sheep in a field with long grass.
1	two sheep in a field with short grass.
0	A young boy points to two sheep grazing.
0	A young boy standing out side of a sheep pasture.
1	a happy boy points to two sheep grazing.
1	a happy boy standing out side of a sheep pasture.
0	A rural scene of sheep with a modern art background.
1	a urban scene of sheep with a modern art background.
0	Tourists with a modern articulated bus in Europe
0	A large and long blue bus parked next to an old man.
1	tourists with a ancient articulated bus in europe
1	a large and short blue bus parked next to an old man.
0	A modern city commuter bus in traffic during the day
0	a modern train is parked against the sidewalk curb
1	a ancient city commuter bus in traffic during the day
1	a ancient train is parked against the sidewalk curb
0	many different colored signs people buildings and a street
1	many like colored signs people buildings and a street
0	a sign on a short pole nest to some little trees
1	a sign on a long pole nest to some little trees
0	Old style bus and trolley going down a modern street.
1	old style bus and trolley going down a ancient street.
0	A painted sign of a blue bird in a tree in the woods.
1	a unpainted sign of a blue bird in a tree in the woods.
0	Young Elephant Training Center with elephants and trainers.
0	Men display the young elephants in training to tourists
1	happy elephant training center with elephants and trainers.
1	men display the happy elephants in training to tourists
0	Two different kinds of ducks swimming together on a lake.
1	two like kinds of ducks swimming together on a lake.
0	Two beautiful women wearing hats standing in front of a horse.
1	two ugly women wearing hats standing in front of a horse.
0	A smiling lady holding up a huge owl.
1	a smiling lady holding up a tiny owl.
0	This is an item that is simple and plain.
1	this is an item that is hard and plain.
0	Black and white photo of a stop sign on a rural street.
1	black and white photo of a stop sign on a urban street.
0	A truck with long bed and cargo is driving with other traffic.
1	a truck with short bed and cargo is driving with other traffic.
0	A white cat with two different colored eyes.
1	a white cat with two like colored eyes.
0	A hand made cow sleeping in a tiny bed.
1	a hand made cow sleeping in a huge bed.
0	A cow-doll is put to bed. Probably by the owner of the toy.
1	a cow-doll is put to bed. improbably by the owner of the toy.
0	A cow tramples through an outdoor market place
1	a cow tramples through an indoor market place
0	A group of young men standing on top of a sandy beach.
0	Young men playing on the beach with a cow in the foreground.
1	a group of happy men standing on top of a sandy beach.
1	happy men playing on the beach with a cow in the foreground.
0	An outdoor picture of cows or horses standing in the distance.
1	an indoor picture of cows or horses standing in the distance.
0	Cattle are grazing in a pasture of long grass.
1	cattle are grazing in a pasture of short grass.
0	The cat sits in front of the TV making it hard for others to see.
1	the cat sits in front of the tv making it simple for others to see.
0	THERE ARE DIFFERENT COLOR CHAIRS IN THE DOCK
0	Tables placed near the water with different color chairs around each.
1	there are like color chairs in the dock
1	tables placed near the water with like color chairs around each.
0	Young boys in suits and ties posing for photo.
0	Two people with long hair wearing suits and ties.
0	two asian men with long hair in suits and ties
1	happy boys in suits and ties posing for photo.
1	two people with short hair wearing suits and ties.
1	two asian men with short hair in suits and ties
0	An attractive young lady taking a selfy in front of a mirror.
0	A young woman is taking pictures of a plant.
1	an attractive happy lady taking a selfy in front of a mirror.
1	a happy woman is taking pictures of a plant.
0	A group of elephants cluster around the trunk of a huge acacia tree.
1	a group of elephants cluster around the trunk of a tiny acacia tree.
0	a man and woman in a canoe with a young child holding oars
0	A young man and a young lady row a canoe together on a sunny day.
1	a man and woman in a canoe with a happy child holding oars
1	a happy man and a young lady row a canoe together on a sunny day.
0	A person and young girl with a frog umbrella standing next to water.
1	a person and happy girl with a frog umbrella standing next to water.
0	A beautiful sandy beach with a grass umbrella next to crystal blue water.
1	a ugly sandy beach with a grass umbrella next to crystal blue water.
0	A young man in formal dress is standing.
1	a happy man in formal dress is standing.
0	Many different boats that are on the water.
1	many like boats that are on the water.
0	Elephant with seat standing in outdoor area near building.
1	elephant with seat standing in indoor area near building.
0	People shop for produce at an outdoor market.
1	people shop for produce at an indoor market.
0	A very young boy is using a keyboard on a laptop computer.
1	a very happy boy is using a keyboard on a laptop computer.
0	A young woman ski is down a slope on the back of a sled.
1	a happy woman ski is down a slope on the back of a sled.
0	A bag of luggage sitting on a hard wood floor.
1	a bag of luggage sitting on a simple wood floor.
0	A group of four different women with umbrellas.
1	a group of four like women with umbrellas.
0	A young girl standing on a red carpet with her leg up in the air.
1	a happy girl standing on a red carpet with her leg up in the air.
0	a happy smiling little girl holding a ladybug umbrella and wearing a ladybug coat
1	a angry smiling little girl holding a ladybug umbrella and wearing a ladybug coat
0	Young tethered puppy standing with two front paws on skateboard.
1	happy tethered puppy standing with two front paws on skateboard.
0	Two young black bears playing at the zoo
0	Couple of young bears playing together on tree limbs
1	two happy black bears playing at the zoo
1	couple of happy bears playing together on tree limbs
0	Young men are loading surfboards into an old car.
1	happy men are loading surfboards into an old car.
0	The furry animal with long claws is covering its eye with its paw.
1	the furry animal with short claws is covering its eye with its paw.
0	Two bears interacting with each other at outdoor area.
1	two bears interacting with each other at indoor area.
0	Young boy carrying white Frisbee with toy stuffed monkey on back.
0	A young blond boy with a monkey on his back holding a white frisbee.
1	happy boy carrying white frisbee with toy stuffed monkey on back.
1	a happy blond boy with a monkey on his back holding a white frisbee.
0	A young child with an orange piece around their head.
0	A young girl who has a disc around her head.
0	A close up of a young lady wearing an orange ring.
0	A young girl who has an orange disc on her head.
1	a happy child with an orange piece around their head.
1	a happy girl who has a disc around her head.
1	a close up of a happy lady wearing an orange ring.
1	a happy girl who has an orange disc on her head.
0	A group of zebras shown in a outdoor enclosure.
1	a group of zebras shown in a indoor enclosure.
0	a group of zebras under a huge shade tree in the middle of a grassy field
1	a group of zebras under a tiny shade tree in the middle of a grassy field
0	A young girl tossing a frisbee to an older man
0	A young girl and an older man are tossing a round frisbee at dusk.
0	A young girl who is throwing a disc to an older man.
1	a happy girl tossing a frisbee to an older man
1	a happy girl and an older man are tossing a round frisbee at dusk.
1	a happy girl who is throwing a disc to an older man.
0	a young zerbra nursing on its mother in a pasture.
1	a happy zerbra nursing on its mother in a pasture.
0	A group of four zebras standing in different positions.
0	Four zebras on a dirt path looking in different directions.
1	a group of four zebras standing in like positions.
1	four zebras on a dirt path looking in like directions.
0	A group of young children sitting around a chocolate cake.
1	a group of happy children sitting around a chocolate cake.
0	some people an outdoor market and a brown horse pulling a cart
1	some people an indoor market and a brown horse pulling a cart
0	A black and white horse grazes on short cropped grass in a field.
1	a black and white horse grazes on long cropped grass in a field.
0	A plate holds several different vegetables and fruit including an orange and lettuce.
1	a plate holds several like vegetables and fruit including an orange and lettuce.
0	different photos of assored orange and blue items
1	like photos of assored orange and blue items
0	A young boy is standing next to the banana tree.
1	a happy boy is standing next to the banana tree.
0	a group of young people playing baseball in a field
0	A young baseball player tagging up at third base.
1	a group of happy people playing baseball in a field
1	a happy baseball player tagging up at third base.
0	a close up of a container with many different foods
1	a close up of a container with many like foods
0	A young man performing a trick on a skateboard.
1	a happy man performing a trick on a skateboard.
0	A young man kneeling down while riding skis.
1	a happy man kneeling down while riding skis.
0	Two large pots full of different kinds of food .
1	two large pots full of like kinds of food.
0	A young lady thats skiing is smiling for the camera man.
1	a happy lady thats skiing is smiling for the camera man.
0	A young man is skating on the ramp.
1	a happy man is skating on the ramp.
0	A bowl of several different types of vegetables.
1	a bowl of several like types of vegetables.
0	A pizza cut into slices with unusual ingredients.
1	a pizza cut into slices with usual ingredients.
0	A YOUNG MAN IS DOING A STUNT ON HIS SKATEBOARD
0	A man skateboarding at an outdoor skate park.
1	a happy man is doing a stunt on his skateboard
1	a man skateboarding at an indoor skate park.
0	A group of young people wearing ski equipment.
1	a group of happy people wearing ski equipment.
0	The young child is eating a piece of fruit at the table.
0	A young girl eats a piece of fruit.
1	the happy child is eating a piece of fruit at the table.
1	a happy girl eats a piece of fruit.
0	A small boy with blonde hair eats an apple
0	The young boy is holding an apple with bites in it.
1	a small boy with brunette hair eats an apple
1	the happy boy is holding an apple with bites in it.
0	A young woman is sitting at a table eating food.
1	a happy woman is sitting at a table eating food.
0	A group of pictures featuring different scenes of baked goods sitting on tables.
1	a group of pictures featuring like scenes of baked goods sitting on tables.
0	A young skier skiing down a snowy slalom.
0	A young skiier races downhill past a blue marker on packed snow
1	a happy skier skiing down a snowy slalom.
1	a happy skiier races downhill past a blue marker on packed snow
0	A young skier is attempting to go down the hill.
0	A young skier is skiing downhill in a competition.
1	a happy skier is attempting to go down the hill.
1	a happy skier is skiing downhill in a competition.
0	A young skier goes through a slalom course.
1	a happy skier goes through a slalom course.
0	A young girl on a skateboard jumping off of a ramp.
1	a happy girl on a skateboard jumping off of a ramp.
0	The dish in the pot contains several different kinds of vegetables.
1	the dish in the pot contains several like kinds of vegetables.
0	A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard.
1	a happy girl in a helmet riding a skateboard.
0	A group of young children playing in the snow next to each other.
0	A person offering a hand to a young child wearing a helmet and snow skis.
1	a group of happy children playing in the snow next to each other.
1	a person offering a hand to a happy child wearing a helmet and snow skis.
0	young boys are skiing in the snow with helmets on.
1	happy boys are skiing in the snow with helmets on.
0	A young man riding a skateboard on a stone wall.
0	Young man on skate board balancing on concrete barrier near sidewalk with small park area near by.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard on a stone wall.
1	happy man on skate board balancing on concrete barrier near sidewalk with small park area near by.
0	A young man is doing a trick on a skateboard.
1	a happy man is doing a trick on a skateboard.
0	A young man standing on a skateboard wearing a hat.
0	A young teenager is standing on his skateboard.
0	A young man is smiling for the camera while standing on his skateboard.
1	a happy man standing on a skateboard wearing a hat.
1	a happy teenager is standing on his skateboard.
1	a happy man is smiling for the camera while standing on his skateboard.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a dark street.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a dark street.
0	A young man riding a skateboard at a skate park.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard at a skate park.
0	A young man skateboarding jumps on a concrete ramp.
1	a happy man skateboarding jumps on a concrete ramp.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a street.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a street.
0	A group of young men standing next to each other in front of a white wall.
1	a group of happy men standing next to each other in front of a white wall.
0	A tray with four different types of food.
1	a tray with four like types of food.
0	THIS IS A PHOTO OF TWO HAPPY CHILDREN SITTING AT THE TABLE
0	The two children are happy about the donuts.
0	a young boy and young girl surprised sitting at a kitchen table
1	this is a photo of two angry children sitting at the table
1	the two children are angry about the donuts.
1	a happy boy and young girl surprised sitting at a kitchen table
0	A young person that is holding a donut in front of their face.
1	a happy person that is holding a donut in front of their face.
0	Pizza on a table at an outdoor restaurant at night
1	pizza on a table at an indoor restaurant at night
0	A punch of different shots of a man in the air.
0	The image shows different stages of a jumping skier.
1	a punch of like shots of a man in the air.
1	the image shows like stages of a jumping skier.
0	Two soldiers kick a ball with several young men.
1	two soldiers kick a ball with several happy men.
0	A young boy holding up a piece of food at a park.
1	a happy boy holding up a piece of food at a park.
0	The plate is covered with small donuts with different icings.
1	the plate is covered with small donuts with like icings.
0	A young boy squats on a surfboard above a wave.
0	a young kid does a trick on a surf boar
1	a happy boy squats on a surfboard above a wave.
1	a happy kid does a trick on a surf boar
0	A young man kicking a soccer ball down a field.
1	a happy man kicking a soccer ball down a field.
0	A panda resting on a hard surface on the ground.
1	a panda resting on a simple surface on the ground.
0	Plates of cake sit on a long table at a gathering.
0	A long white table holds many small plates with pieces of cake and forks on them.
0	Group of people standing along a long table with plates of cake on it.
1	plates of cake sit on a short table at a gathering.
1	a short white table holds many small plates with pieces of cake and forks on them.
1	group of people standing along a short table with plates of cake on it.
0	A cake made with several different sections with a candle behind it.
1	a cake made with several like sections with a candle behind it.
0	A cartoon character and North Shore surfboard are in the sands of this beach.
1	a cartoon character and south shore surfboard are in the sands of this beach.
0	A young boy sitting on a bed drinking a bottle of juice.
1	a happy boy sitting on a bed drinking a bottle of juice.
0	A young man and his bride about to have a piece if wedding cake.
1	a happy man and his bride about to have a piece if wedding cake.
0	A young woman is laying in bed with a phone.
0	A beautiful young blond laying on top of a bed.
1	a happy woman is laying in bed with a phone.
1	a ugly young blond laying on top of a bed.
0	A young child is playing with the television remote
0	A young boy wearing a cap plays with the remote control.
0	A young boy is looking away from the camera, holding a remote.
1	a happy child is playing with the television remote
1	a happy boy wearing a cap plays with the remote control.
1	a happy boy is looking away from the camera, holding a remote.
0	A young boy on a bed using a remote control
0	The young child is holding the remote control.
1	a happy boy on a bed using a remote control
1	the happy child is holding the remote control.
0	A young man is enjoying the waves on his board.
0	A young man surfing in the ocean waves.
1	a happy man is enjoying the waves on his board.
1	a happy man surfing in the ocean waves.
0	A young girl laying on a bed holding onto a stuffed animal.
1	a happy girl laying on a bed holding onto a stuffed animal.
0	A beautiful little girl laying on top of a bed.
0	A young girl in her bed cuddling a stuffed animal.
1	a ugly little girl laying on top of a bed.
1	a happy girl in her bed cuddling a stuffed animal.
0	A happy young couple fast asleep in their comfortable bed.
1	a angry young couple fast asleep in their comfortable bed.
0	A young man walking across a court holding a racquet.
1	a happy man walking across a court holding a racquet.
0	Young baby sleeping in innocent white drapes around him
1	happy baby sleeping in innocent white drapes around him
0	TWO YOUNG MEN ARE ON THE COURT PLAYING TENNIS
1	two happy men are on the court playing tennis
0	Group photograph of young boys and girls with tennis equipment.
1	group photograph of happy boys and girls with tennis equipment.
0	A beautiful young woman hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.
1	a ugly young woman hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.
0	A simple Sicilian-style pizza with tomato, spinach, and cheese shavings
1	a hard sicilian-style pizza with tomato, spinach, and cheese shavings
0	A woman tennis player swinging a tennis racket with both hands, on a hard surface court.
1	a woman tennis player swinging a tennis racket with both hands, on a simple surface court.
0	A group of young children standing next to each other.
1	a group of happy children standing next to each other.
0	many different items are on a bed
1	many like items are on a bed
0	There are many different types of furniture in the room.
1	there are many like types of furniture in the room.
0	A group of young men standing in front of a TV screen.
1	a group of happy men standing in front of a tv screen.
0	A young girl with a video game controller in her hand.
1	a happy girl with a video game controller in her hand.
0	A clean living room is shown with different colored furniture.
1	a clean living room is shown with like colored furniture.
0	A young man pointing a remote at the tv.
1	a happy man pointing a remote at the tv.
0	A young man playing a video game while another man watches.
1	a happy man playing a video game while another man watches.
0	Group of young adults hanging out with snacks on the table.
1	group of happy adults hanging out with snacks on the table.
0	Two young boys sitting on floor, one playing a computer game.
0	two young children sitting on the ground playing nintendo
1	two happy boys sitting on floor, one playing a computer game.
1	two happy children sitting on the ground playing nintendo
0	two computer monitors each with a different colored pair of angel wings
1	two computer monitors each with a like colored pair of angel wings
0	a young woman is driving through a lot of trees
0	A pretty woman driving a truck with a smart phone sitting next to her.
1	a happy woman is driving through a lot of trees
1	a pretty woman driving a truck with a dumb phone sitting next to her.
0	A beautiful young woman buckling her seat belt.
1	a ugly young woman buckling her seat belt.
0	A man standing on a tennis court next to a young boy.
1	a man standing on a tennis court next to a happy boy.
0	An interior shot of a living area with wooden accent modern decor.
1	an interior shot of a living area with wooden accent ancient decor.
0	A modern living room has large bright windows.
0	The living room of a modern house with large windows.
1	a ancient living room has large bright windows.
1	the living room of a ancient house with large windows.
0	A young girl holds the string of a kite over her head.
0	A young girl playing with a kite, in a football field.
1	a happy girl holds the string of a kite over her head.
1	a happy girl playing with a kite, in a football field.
0	Several kites of different colors laying on the sand on the beach.
1	several kites of like colors laying on the sand on the beach.
0	A young girl flying a kite in a field.
1	a happy girl flying a kite in a field.
0	A kite surfer moving with a strong wind
1	a kite surfer moving with a proud wind
0	American flag flying in foreground of beautiful landscape.
1	american flag flying in foreground of ugly landscape.
0	A young child in a sun hat crawling in hay at a kite fair
0	A young boy in a blue hat crawling in a field.
1	a happy child in a sun hat crawling in hay at a kite fair
1	a happy boy in a blue hat crawling in a field.
0	Young boy with T-ball and bat pointing at ball.
1	happy boy with t-ball and bat pointing at ball.
0	A young boy in the grass throws a ball.
1	a happy boy in the grass throws a ball.
0	A young child in the yard holding up a bat.
1	a happy child in the yard holding up a bat.
0	A young man has a baseball bat over his shoulder.
1	a happy man has a baseball bat over his shoulder.
0	A picture of a baseball player from a long time ago.
1	a picture of a baseball player from a short time ago.
0	A young boy taking a swing at a tennis ball
0	A young man hitting a ball with a racquet.
1	a happy boy taking a swing at a tennis ball
1	a happy man hitting a ball with a racquet.
0	A young boy dressed in costume eating a white cookie.
0	A young man wearing goggles with spiky hair dressed up like Robbin.
1	a happy boy dressed in costume eating a white cookie.
1	a happy man wearing goggles with spiky hair dressed up like robbin.
0	A young girl enjoys a slice of fresh baked pizza.
1	a happy girl enjoys a slice of fresh baked pizza.
0	A figure with several different numbers hanging from it.
0	A modern style clock has floating card numbers.
1	a figure with several like numbers hanging from it.
1	a ancient style clock has floating card numbers.
0	a home bar with different drink ingredients under a large decorative sign saying, "PUB".
1	a home bar with like drink ingredients under a large decorative sign saying, "pub".
0	A young man looking through papers no a desk.
1	a happy man looking through papers no a desk.
0	A small modern kitchen with a large window.
1	a small ancient kitchen with a large window.
0	There is a digital camera, flash drive, and cellphone on top of a laptop computer.
1	there is a analog camera, flash drive, and cellphone on top of a laptop computer.
0	Small yellow container attached to a digital camera.
1	small yellow container attached to a analog camera.
0	A small digital camera and a pineapple keychain.
0	Pineapple keychain sitting next to a digital camera.
0	Pineapple slice, cord and simple red digital camera.
1	a small analog camera and a pineapple keychain.
1	pineapple keychain sitting next to a analog camera.
1	pineapple slice, cord and hard red digital camera.
0	A smart phone on top of a table with a cookie attached to it.
1	a dumb phone on top of a table with a cookie attached to it.
0	A smart phone sitting on a table next to a yellow donut.
1	a dumb phone sitting on a table next to a yellow donut.
0	A young man is posing in front of a camera.
0	A woman with a happy look holding up a cell phone.
1	a happy man is posing in front of a camera.
1	a woman with a angry look holding up a cell phone.
0	A beautiful little blond girl using a smart phone.
0	A young girl in a  dress holding something
0	A young girl in a dress plays with an iPhone.
0	A young girl is playing with an object while standing up.
1	a ugly little blond girl using a smart phone.
1	a happy girl in a dress holding something
1	a happy girl in a dress plays with an iphone.
1	a happy girl is playing with an object while standing up.
0	Young girl in dress standing on wooden floor in residential home.
1	happy girl in dress standing on wooden floor in residential home.
0	A young girl in a red dress is smiling.
1	a happy girl in a red dress is smiling.
0	An old fashioned refrigerator surrounded by modern cabinets
1	an old fashioned refrigerator surrounded by ancient cabinets
0	A light shines on five clocks showing times in different zones.
0	A dark image of multiple clocks set to different time zones.
1	a light shines on five clocks showing times in like zones.
1	a dark image of multiple clocks set to like time zones.
0	A beautiful clock tower rises high about the water fountains in the plaza.
1	a ugly clock tower rises high about the water fountains in the plaza.
0	A young boy holding a teddy bear by it's ears.
0	A young child holding a teddy bear around his friends.
1	a happy boy holding a teddy bear by it's ears.
1	a happy child holding a teddy bear around his friends.
0	A couple of young men standing next to each other.
0	Two young men sit at a kitchen bar covered with many things.
0	Two young men sitting at a cluttered counter together
1	a couple of happy men standing next to each other.
1	two happy men sit at a kitchen bar covered with many things.
1	two happy men sitting at a cluttered counter together
0	Two pretty young ladies sitting at a table together.
1	two pretty happy ladies sitting at a table together.
0	A lady pours wine into a long line of glasses at a serving table.
1	a lady pours wine into a short line of glasses at a serving table.
0	A person sits at an outdoor bar with a piece of paper.
0	A young person seated at a wooden table with paper, a pen, and pineapple drink.
1	a person sits at an indoor bar with a piece of paper.
1	a happy person seated at a wooden table with paper, a pen, and pineapple drink.
0	A modern kitchen with a fridge, island counter, hardwood floor, and deco ceiling artwork.
0	Modern kitchen with stainless steel appliances and hardwood flooring.
1	a ancient kitchen with a fridge, island counter, hardwood floor, and deco ceiling artwork.
1	ancient kitchen with stainless steel appliances and hardwood flooring.
0	A kitchen with narrow paneling on the walls and cupboards and a dining table in the middle.
1	a kitchen with dirty paneling on the walls and cupboards and a dining table in the middle.
0	A young man sleeping on his side with some time of tv device over his face.
0	A young man seems to be laying on a blue pillow with an alarm on his head.
1	a happy man sleeping on his side with some time of tv device over his face.
1	a happy man seems to be laying on a blue pillow with an alarm on his head.
0	A beautiful young woman standing next to a red piece of luggage.
1	a ugly young woman standing next to a red piece of luggage.
0	An older man is wearing a funny hat in his dining room.
1	an older man is wearing a dull hat in his dining room.
0	a young girl is getting her temperature taken
1	a happy girl is getting her temperature taken
0	A young girl stands with two older women by a stove.
1	a happy girl stands with two older women by a stove.
0	A simple white residential kitchen with breakfast bar
1	a hard white residential kitchen with breakfast bar
0	A public bathroom with a white sink and sign regarding dirty hands.
0	Multiple images of different areas of a public bathroom.
1	a public bathroom with a white sink and sign regarding cheap hands.
1	multiple images of like areas of a public bathroom.
0	a public male bathroom with a long white sink and tiled walls.
1	a public male bathroom with a short white sink and tiled walls.
0	A narrow bathroom has gold paint and a brown wall.
1	a dirty bathroom has gold paint and a brown wall.
0	a young man sitting on the toilet and reading the newappaer
0	A young man sitting on the toilet reading a newspaper.
1	a happy man sitting on the toilet and reading the newappaer
1	a happy man sitting on the toilet reading a newspaper.
0	A tiled outdoor area with toilet, grill and tub.
1	a tiled indoor area with toilet, grill and tub.
0	there are several different sinks of all different colors
1	there are several like sinks of all different colors
0	Cyclist riding dressed for cold weather in down jacket and long pants next to shipping and receiving yard with 10-foot fence and line of delivery rigs under street lamps lit for evening.
1	cyclist riding dressed for cold weather in down jacket and short pants next to shipping and receiving yard with 10-foot fence and line of delivery rigs under street lamps lit for evening.
0	A long road surrounded by tall buildings and street signs.
1	a short road surrounded by tall buildings and street signs.
0	a long pile up of cars lined through the city and around the buildings
1	a short pile up of cars lined through the city and around the buildings
0	A beautiful woman with a blue fro brushing her teeth with a giant toothbrush.
0	A young woman with blue hair uses an oversized toothbrush.
1	a ugly woman with a blue fro brushing her teeth with a giant toothbrush.
1	a happy woman with blue hair uses an oversized toothbrush.
0	Toilet, ladder, and potted plant among outdoor garden supplies.
1	toilet, ladder, and potted plant among indoor garden supplies.
0	There is a very dirty public toilet stall
1	there is a very cheap public toilet stall
0	a view of a bathroom area with a white long flusher and window behind it
0	A peak into a long bathroom with a toilet, but no shower.
0	A small narrow bathroom with white and black flooring
1	a view of a bathroom area with a white short flusher and window behind it
1	a peak into a short bathroom with a toilet, but no shower.
1	a small dirty bathroom with white and black flooring
0	A book shelf filled with different kinds of books.
1	a book shelf filled with like kinds of books.
0	The young man on the bike is parked at the edge of the street.
1	the happy man on the bike is parked at the edge of the street.
0	A blue bench covered in different style bags.
1	a blue bench covered in like style bags.
0	A long row of motorcycles parked side by side next to a garage.
1	a short row of motorcycles parked side by side next to a garage.
0	A huge airplane with propellers flies across the blue sky.
1	a tiny airplane with propellers flies across the blue sky.
0	Jogger running past a flock of sheep in a rural area
1	jogger running past a flock of sheep in a urban area
0	Lone giraffe standing in shade of tree in outdoor natural area.
1	lone giraffe standing in shade of tree in indoor natural area.
0	a long wooden bench on a boat on the ocean water
1	a short wooden bench on a boat on the ocean water
0	A power line with lots of different components.
1	a power line with lots of like components.
0	A busy city street with many different vehicles.
1	a busy city street with many like vehicles.
0	a long bench with two cats and a person sitting on it
1	a short bench with two cats and a person sitting on it
0	A long bus that reads "Bieber" is parked on a street.
1	a short bus that reads "bieber" is parked on a street.
0	A young man sitting on a bus up against a window.
0	Young adult male sitting alone inside a bus.
0	A young man riding a transit bus looking at something.
1	a happy man sitting on a bus up against a window.
1	happy adult male sitting alone inside a bus.
1	a happy man riding a transit bus looking at something.
0	The extra long passenger bus is entering the intersection.
1	the extra short passenger bus is entering the intersection.
0	a bench near many different plant life near a path
1	a bench near many like plant life near a path
0	a bench surrounded by different types of plant life
1	a bench surrounded by like types of plant life
0	A far away bench covers all the distant serenity of a beautiful flower garden.
1	a far away bench covers all the distant serenity of a ugly flower garden.
0	A long white bus driving down a street.
1	a short white bus driving down a street.
0	Truck driving through the intersection of Biltmore and Short Coxe Ave.
1	truck driving through the intersection of biltmore and long coxe ave.
0	Giraffes have a very long tongue to go with their long neck.
1	giraffes have a very long tongue to go with their short neck.
0	A red and white painted fire plug on the sidewalk.
1	a red and white unpainted fire plug on the sidewalk.
0	Two long buses parked on the side of a road.
1	two short buses parked on the side of a road.
0	A mother swan watches over her young babies
1	a mother swan watches over her happy babies
0	A family of parakeets in a number of different colors.
1	a family of parakeets in a number of like colors.
0	A small white bard with  a long beak on a branch.
1	a small white bard with a short beak on a branch.
0	A gray train is on a train track near a long tunnel.
1	a gray train is on a train track near a short tunnel.
0	An angry cat is wearing a baseball hat sideways.
1	an happy cat is wearing a baseball hat sideways.
0	A street sign has a freeway sign in a different language.
1	a street sign has a freeway sign in a like language.
0	a red soda machine on a long road
1	a red soda machine on a short road
0	A train is traveling down a rail in a beautiful park full of people.
1	a train is traveling down a rail in a ugly park full of people.
0	A sheep and lamb standing perpendicular to one another.
1	a sheep and lamb standing horizontal to one another.
0	A young woman smiles in front of a sheep.
1	a happy woman smiles in front of a sheep.
0	A large body of water in front of a shoreline with a long train bridge.
1	a large body of water in front of a shoreline with a short train bridge.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A very long pretty train in a big terminal.
1	a very short pretty train in a big terminal.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A blue and white train engine pulling lots of brown train cars through a rural area.
1	a blue and white train engine pulling lots of brown train cars through a urban area.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	a short passenger train on a track by a grassy hill
1	a long passenger train on a track by a grassy hill
0	A long white train traveling through a lush green hillside.
0	A long railroad train going down the tracks
1	a short white train traveling through a lush green hillside.
1	a short railroad train going down the tracks
0	a long double decker passenger train going along a track
0	A long train traveling across a road on train tracks.
1	a short double decker passenger train going along a track
1	a short train traveling across a road on train tracks.
0	a young person decorating a parking meter with knitted fabric
1	a happy person decorating a parking meter with knitted fabric
0	A young cat on a mat with a flip flop shoe.
1	a happy cat on a mat with a flip flop shoe.
0	A cat wearing a lime helmet looking angry.
1	a cat wearing a lime helmet looking happy.
0	A black and white cat giving a dirty look to another cat.
1	a black and white cat giving a cheap look to another cat.
0	Cats sitting near other on a modern carpet
1	cats sitting near other on a ancient carpet
0	Several different modes of transportation on a street.
1	several like modes of transportation on a street.
0	A man with long hair sits at a desk.
0	A man with long hair and a blue shirt sitting in front of a computer.
0	A long haired technology professional is posing for a picture.
1	a man with short hair sits at a desk.
1	a man with short hair and a blue shirt sitting in front of a computer.
1	a short haired technology professional is posing for a picture.
0	There is a man standing at a smart board giving a presentation
1	there is a man standing at a dumb board giving a presentation
0	A young woman and a man posing together.
1	a happy woman and a man posing together.
0	A couple is dressed formally and smiling for the camera.
1	a couple is dressed informally and smiling for the camera.
0	A young man standing near a picture frame.
0	This young man is stylish in his striped shirt and gaily printed, contrasting tie.
0	a ,man with a tie standing next to a tiny picture on the wall
1	a happy man standing near a picture frame.
1	this happy man is stylish in his striped shirt and gaily printed, contrasting tie.
1	a, man with a tie standing next to a huge picture on the wall
0	The right side of a man with a neon green tie and an unusual color of green eyes facing a camera.
1	the right side of a man with a neon green tie and an usual color of green eyes facing a camera.
0	A digital camera beside an umbrella type photography lighting equipment
1	a analog camera beside an umbrella type photography lighting equipment
0	Two men in suits talking to a group of young people.
1	two men in suits talking to a group of happy people.
0	A young boy sitting on the ground while holding an umbrella.
0	A young boy that is sitting under a blue umbrella.
1	a happy boy sitting on the ground while holding an umbrella.
1	a happy boy that is sitting under a blue umbrella.
0	A group of people are in an inner tube looking boat.
1	a group of people are in an outer tube looking boat.
0	A beautiful young woman in a bikini riding a paddle boat.
0	A pretty young girl in a kayak on the river.
0	A Young woman is seen riding in a small blue canoe
1	a ugly young woman in a bikini riding a paddle boat.
1	a pretty happy girl in a kayak on the river.
1	a happy woman is seen riding in a small blue canoe
0	A picture of a young lady stand by the street holding an umbrella.
0	Woman standing under clear umbrella on urban sidewalk.
1	a picture of a happy lady stand by the street holding an umbrella.
1	woman standing under clear umbrella on rural sidewalk.
0	A picture of a black cat sitting on a young man.
1	a picture of a black cat sitting on a happy man.
0	A case filled with different colored Frisbee on top of a table.
1	a case filled with like colored frisbee on top of a table.
0	A painted picture of a  old fashion factory..
1	a unpainted picture of a old fashion factory..
0	Two zebras stand together on a dirt area near short grass.
1	two zebras stand together on a dirt area near long grass.
0	people riding horseback on a mountain during a beautiful day
1	people riding horseback on a mountain during a ugly day
0	A horse grazes on a beautiful day, and brushes its tail in the wind
1	a horse grazes on a ugly day, and brushes its tail in the wind
0	A YOUNG GIRL PRACTICING BALL IS HOLDING HER MIT
1	a happy girl practicing ball is holding her mit
0	A young man on water skis at competition.
1	a happy man on water skis at competition.
0	A bunch of different cupcakes that are going into the oven.
1	a bunch of like cupcakes that are going into the oven.
0	A bunch of different foods that are on a plate.
1	a bunch of like foods that are on a plate.
0	Different angles of a person who is using a snowboard.
1	like angles of a person who is using a snowboard.
0	A few different shots of a man on his ski board.
1	a few like shots of a man on his ski board.
0	A young male skateboarder practicing a ramp stunt.
1	a happy male skateboarder practicing a ramp stunt.
0	a young female wearing shorts on a skateboard
1	a happy female wearing shorts on a skateboard
0	A young man ridding a skateboard down the handrail of some steps as people watch.
1	a happy man ridding a skateboard down the handrail of some steps as people watch.
0	A young girl taking a bite of a piece of broccoli.
1	a happy girl taking a bite of a piece of broccoli.
0	A young man that is riding his skateboard on a sidewalk.
1	a happy man that is riding his skateboard on a sidewalk.
0	A young man riding on top of a skateboard.
0	A young child wearing a helmet riding a skateboard.
0	a young child riding a skate board
1	a happy man riding on top of a skateboard.
1	a happy child wearing a helmet riding a skateboard.
1	a happy child riding a skate board
0	Huge barrels of vegetables with people near them.
1	tiny barrels of vegetables with people near them.
0	A young man riding skis through a snow covered forest.
1	a happy man riding skis through a snow covered forest.
0	A young man riding his skateboard on a ramp.
1	a happy man riding his skateboard on a ramp.
0	A young man is skateboarding on a wall and holding onto a bar.
1	a happy man is skateboarding on a wall and holding onto a bar.
0	The young skateboarder is balancing on the pink wall.
1	the happy skateboarder is balancing on the pink wall.
0	two sandwiches with marinara sauce and vegetables on a long white plate
1	two sandwiches with marinara sauce and vegetables on a short white plate
0	A young man riding a skateboard up a skateboard ramp.
0	A young man rides his skateboard up a ramp.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard up a skateboard ramp.
1	a happy man rides his skateboard up a ramp.
0	The young man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard.
0	A young man jumps into the air while his skateboard twirls.
1	the happy man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard.
1	a happy man jumps into the air while his skateboard twirls.
0	A young man rides a skateboard down a paved path as the sun sets.
0	A young man warmly dressed rides a skateboard at sunset.
1	a happy man rides a skateboard down a paved path as the sun sets.
1	a happy man warmly dressed rides a skateboard at sunset.
0	Young men riding their skate boards in a public skate park.
1	happy men riding their skate boards in a public skate park.
0	A young man skateboarding on a ramp with three other boys watching him.
0	Young man at the peak of a stunt on a skateboard structure.
1	a happy man skateboarding on a ramp with three other boys watching him.
1	happy man at the peak of a stunt on a skateboard structure.
0	A young man is getting ready to take off on his snowboard, while another one waits.
1	a happy man is getting ready to take off on his snowboard, while another one waits.
0	The many donuts are all different shapes and sizes.
1	the many donuts are all like shapes and sizes.
0	A young girl eating food while sitting in front of a window with mini blinds.
0	A young child eating a handful of something
1	a happy girl eating food while sitting in front of a window with mini blinds.
1	a happy child eating a handful of something
0	A table topped with different types of donuts and cakes.
1	a table topped with like types of donuts and cakes.
0	Many different donuts and pastries are inside of a display case.
1	many like donuts and pastries are inside of a display case.
0	A group of young people playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy people playing a game of soccer.
0	A group of young women play soccer on a field.
1	a group of happy women play soccer on a field.
0	A surfer rides a wave in front of a long beachside boardwalk.
1	a surfer rides a wave in front of a short beachside boardwalk.
0	Many young plays are playing soccer in the sand.
1	many happy plays are playing soccer in the sand.
0	Young man laying on a bed staring at a laptop.
0	A young man on a bed with a laptop
1	happy man laying on a bed staring at a laptop.
1	a happy man on a bed with a laptop
0	The young girls are playing a game of soccer on the field.
0	young girls on a grassy field playing soccer with a bright green soccer ball
0	Two young girls on the same team playing soccer.
1	the happy girls are playing a game of soccer on the field.
1	happy girls on a grassy field playing soccer with a bright green soccer ball
1	two happy girls on the same team playing soccer.
0	A group of young girls playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy girls playing a game of soccer.
0	A group of young ladies playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy ladies playing a game of soccer.
0	A group of young women playing each other in soccer.
1	a group of happy women playing each other in soccer.
0	A young person ridding the waves on a surf board.
1	a happy person ridding the waves on a surf board.
0	A group of young girls playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy girls playing a game of soccer.
0	A group of young women playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy women playing a game of soccer.
0	A pizza with leafy greens on it is on a table.
1	a pizza with leafless greens on it is on a table.
0	A young man sitting next to a little girl on a bed.
0	Two young kids in bed, one reading a book.
0	Two young children are reading a book in bed.
1	a happy man sitting next to a little girl on a bed.
1	two happy kids in bed, one reading a book.
1	two happy children are reading a book in bed.
0	Young people open up many pizza boxes lined up on tables.
0	Long tables full of boxed pizza's and people helping themselves.
1	happy people open up many pizza boxes lined up on tables.
1	short tables full of boxed pizza's and people helping themselves.
0	A young boy sitting at a laptop computer.
1	a happy boy sitting at a laptop computer.
0	A beautiful woman standing next to two men with a beautiful blonde woman behind them.
1	a ugly woman standing next to two men with a beautiful blonde woman behind them.
0	A young man swinging a tennis racquet at a tennis ball.
1	a happy man swinging a tennis racquet at a tennis ball.
0	Several different toothbrushes sitting in a cup beside toothpaste.
1	several like toothbrushes sitting in a cup beside toothpaste.
0	A simple and vintage inspired living room and sitting area.
0	A living room with furniture on top of a hard wood floor.
1	a hard and vintage inspired living room and sitting area.
1	a living room with furniture on top of a simple wood floor.
0	A group of young women playing a game of soccer.
0	Young people are in action playing soccer on grass.
1	a group of happy women playing a game of soccer.
1	happy people are in action playing soccer on grass.
0	A very young child chewing on a toothbrush.
1	a very happy child chewing on a toothbrush.
0	There is a huge room with furniture and things inside.
1	there is a tiny room with furniture and things inside.
0	A group of people in chairs with two young men playing video games.
1	a group of people in chairs with two happy men playing video games.
0	Two young men in chairs playing game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
1	two happy men in chairs playing game with nintendo wii controllers.
0	A heavy set man showing his teeth in a funny manner.
1	a heavy set man showing his teeth in a dull manner.
0	A beautiful blonde girl holding a Nintendo Wii controller next to a man .
1	a ugly blonde girl holding a nintendo wii controller next to a man.
0	A couple of young men holding Wii controllers.
1	a couple of happy men holding wii controllers.
0	A huge clock hanging from the side of the building.
1	a tiny clock hanging from the side of the building.
0	A young woman flying a rainbow colored kite.
1	a happy woman flying a rainbow colored kite.
0	Two beautiful women standing next to a black umbrella.
0	Two young girls pose with a kite near a painted wall.
1	two ugly women standing next to a black umbrella.
1	two happy girls pose with a kite near a painted wall.
0	There is a vase with many beautiful pink flowers in it
1	there is a vase with many ugly pink flowers in it
0	The young girl is posing with a softball bat.
1	the happy girl is posing with a softball bat.
0	A young boy wearing his baseball uniform with his bat in his hands
0	A young boy holding a baseball bat near a batting cage.
1	a happy boy wearing his baseball uniform with his bat in his hands
1	a happy boy holding a baseball bat near a batting cage.
0	A couple of young men standing on top of a baseball field.
1	a couple of happy men standing on top of a baseball field.
0	Young man batting during a sunny baseball game.
0	The young baseball player in the red helmet is swinging his bat.
1	happy man batting during a sunny baseball game.
1	the happy baseball player in the red helmet is swinging his bat.
0	A beatiful young woman playing a game of tennis.
1	a beatiful happy woman playing a game of tennis.
0	A young girl standing on top of a tennis court.
0	A hard surface tennis court with two girls on the first court together, holding tennis rackets in their hands.
1	a happy girl standing on top of a tennis court.
1	a simple surface tennis court with two girls on the first court together, holding tennis rackets in their hands.
0	a mirror with a reflection of a young man using a laptop
0	Young teen reflected in wooden framed mirror using laptop.
1	a mirror with a reflection of a happy man using a laptop
1	happy teen reflected in wooden framed mirror using laptop.
0	Several vases on a table with different flowers in them.
1	several vases on a table with like flowers in them.
0	A young man sitting with a serious look on his face.
1	a happy man sitting with a serious look on his face.
0	The young girl is sitting on a table in front of a bedroom window.
1	the happy girl is sitting on a table in front of a bedroom window.
0	two college graduates pack up after a long day
1	two college graduates pack up after a short day
0	A row of different kind of kitchen stoves with different styles and colors.
0	A warehouse lined with many different colored stoves.
1	a row of like kind of kitchen stoves with different styles and colors.
1	a warehouse lined with many like colored stoves.
0	A giant smart phone attached to a bunch of wires.
1	a giant dumb phone attached to a bunch of wires.
0	A young child holding a cell phone in her hand
0	A little girl holding up a smart phone.
1	a happy child holding a cell phone in her hand
1	a little girl holding up a dumb phone.
0	A man taking a photo of the sky amongst his happy family
1	a man taking a photo of the sky amongst his angry family
0	A group of people standing around talking happily.
1	a group of people standing around talking sadly.
0	there is a young girl putting food in to a oven
1	there is a happy girl putting food in to a oven
0	There is a beautiful view from the rooftops.
1	there is a ugly view from the rooftops.
0	A wall with different types of decorations of art pieces.
1	a wall with like types of decorations of art pieces.
0	A young woman holding a hair dryer like a gun.
1	a happy woman holding a hair dryer like a gun.
0	A clock tower in a central public area.
1	a clock tower in a peripheral public area.
0	A young girl, holding  a teddy bear at an outdoor event.
1	a happy girl, holding a teddy bear at an outdoor event.
0	The stuffed bear is suspended from a plant hook by a  long strand of gray pearls.
1	the stuffed bear is suspended from a plant hook by a short strand of gray pearls.
0	A teddy bear sitting in a very unusual spot high up
1	a teddy bear sitting in a very usual spot high up
0	A huge crowd of people are posing for the camera.
0	A group of women hanging around a long table
1	a tiny crowd of people are posing for the camera.
1	a group of women hanging around a short table
0	A couple of beautiful ladies holding champagne glasses.
1	a couple of ugly ladies holding champagne glasses.
0	Two young women are sharing a bottle of wine.
1	two happy women are sharing a bottle of wine.
0	A marine in uniform using a smart phone.
1	a marine in uniform using a dumb phone.
0	A  young boy standing next to a kitchen sink next to a dish rack.
0	A young boy standing on a chair at the kitchen sink.
1	a happy boy standing next to a kitchen sink next to a dish rack.
1	a happy boy standing on a chair at the kitchen sink.
0	a river.A group of people with life jacket rowing a long boat in
0	A long canoe paddled along by a large group of people.
1	a river.a group of people with life jacket rowing a short boat in
1	a short canoe paddled along by a large group of people.
0	a long hair cat sitting on a bench with a bicycle behind it
1	a short hair cat sitting on a bench with a bicycle behind it
0	A narrow city street is full of shops and people.
1	a dirty city street is full of shops and people.
0	A clean and modern looking bathroom with an unique light.
0	Modern bathroom sink and mirror in a hotel
0	A modern hotel bathroom is shown in dim lighting.
1	a clean and ancient looking bathroom with an unique light.
1	ancient bathroom sink and mirror in a hotel
1	a ancient hotel bathroom is shown in dim lighting.
0	An outdoor clock across the street from a building.
1	an indoor clock across the street from a building.
0	Several different pots place on a stone floor.
0	There have been many different pieces of art created.
1	several like pots place on a stone floor.
1	there have been many like pieces of art created.
0	A bathroom with a stained glass and stone wall and tile of different shapes, sizes, and colors decorating the floor and walls with a toilet visible.
1	a bathroom with a stained glass and stone wall and tile of like shapes, sizes, and colors decorating the floor and walls with a toilet visible.
0	A young man working multi-tasks at a computer.
1	a happy man working multi-tasks at a computer.
0	A tiny bathroom area features a patterned wall, bidet and toilet.
1	a huge bathroom area features a patterned wall, bidet and toilet.
0	A small toilet lies in a narrow lavatory.
1	a small toilet lies in a broad lavatory.
0	a young man riding on a motorcycle wearing dark sunglasses and a black messenger bag.
1	a happy man riding on a motorcycle wearing dark sunglasses and a black messenger bag.
0	A motorcycle being used as a display at an outdoor event.
1	a motorcycle being used as a display at an indoor event.
0	A serving of prepared food sits on a modern plate.
1	a serving of prepared food sits on a ancient plate.
0	A young man sits y a tree on a motorcycle.
1	a happy man sits y a tree on a motorcycle.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A group of young people sitting around each other.
1	a group of happy people sitting around each other.
0	a black and white photo of a long bench for sitting near a building
0	A long bench on the side of the building.
1	a black and white photo of a short bench for sitting near a building
1	a short bench on the side of the building.
0	An unusual street light with its red light shining.
1	an usual street light with its red light shining.
0	two traffic lights in front of a huge building
1	two traffic lights in front of a tiny building
0	The man is carrying a young giraffe in his arms.
1	the man is carrying a happy giraffe in his arms.
0	A man and woman sitting on a park bench under a huge tree
1	a man and woman sitting on a park bench under a tiny tree
0	A bus stops at a rural dock at a village.
1	a bus stops at a urban dock at a village.
0	Close up from behind of a young giraffe standing with front legs splayed and head the ground by a fence outside.
1	close up from behind of a happy giraffe standing with front legs splayed and head the ground by a fence outside.
0	A young couple has just gotten married.
1	a happy couple has just gotten married.
0	a big long sidewalk that has a green and yellow fire hydration
1	a big short sidewalk that has a green and yellow fire hydration
0	A herd of sheep in a field in an rural area
1	a herd of sheep in a field in an urban area
0	A long horn sheep walking across a lush green field.
0	A long horn sheep with heavy wool on a grassy field.
1	a short horn sheep walking across a lush green field.
1	a short horn sheep with heavy wool on a grassy field.
0	Three different red buses all parked on the side of the street .
1	three like red buses all parked on the side of the street.
0	A modern transportation building with busses lined up for passengers.
0	some people buildings and three different buses and a tree
1	a ancient transportation building with busses lined up for passengers.
1	some people buildings and three like buses and a tree
0	A long shot view of a street with many buildings.
0	An inner city neighborhood under a dark sky.
1	a short shot view of a street with many buildings.
1	an outer city neighborhood under a dark sky.
0	An old man is holding huge turkey upside down.
1	an old man is holding tiny turkey upside down.
0	A train traveling through a rural country side.
1	a train traveling through a urban country side.
0	Two sheep are standing on some short grass.
1	two sheep are standing on some long grass.
0	A group of birds sitting on a horizontal pole.
1	a group of birds sitting on a perpendicular pole.
0	There are two different street signs together in a different language
0	A street sign is shown with two different languages.
1	there are two like street signs together in a different language
1	a street sign is shown with two like languages.
0	A train on a railroad track with a huge mountain range in the background.
1	a train on a railroad track with a tiny mountain range in the background.
0	A long train alongside a brightly it train station.
1	a short train alongside a brightly it train station.
0	A modern train traveling through a wooded area.
0	Black and white photograph of a modern commuter train
0	a vintage photo of a train passing through a rural area
1	a ancient train traveling through a wooded area.
1	black and white photograph of a ancient commuter train
1	a vintage photo of a train passing through a urban area
0	a steam locomotive on a narrow gauge track
1	a steam locomotive on a dirty gauge track
0	A man is driving a short train or trolley.
1	a man is driving a long train or trolley.
0	A miniature blue train engine sits on the tracks in a rural setting.
1	a miniature blue train engine sits on the tracks in a urban setting.
0	A large long train at a station on a track.
1	a large short train at a station on a track.
0	Two empty modern train engines face each other on urban tracks.
1	two empty ancient train engines face each other on urban tracks.
0	Modern commuter trains at an old railway station
1	ancient commuter trains at an old railway station
0	A short passenger train on train tracks lined with trees.
1	a long passenger train on train tracks lined with trees.
0	A train traveling through a rural country side.
1	a train traveling through a urban country side.
0	A train sitting in a train station in a rural area.
1	a train sitting in a train station in a urban area.
0	A train traveling through a rural green countryside.
1	a train traveling through a urban green countryside.
0	A modern commuter train pulls into an above-ground stop.
1	a ancient commuter train pulls into an above-ground stop.
0	A coffee cup is parked in between two digital parking meters.
1	a coffee cup is parked in between two analog parking meters.
0	A yellow and green train passes through a rural area
1	a yellow and green train passes through a urban area
0	A long train traveling along train tracks near a platform.
1	a short train traveling along train tracks near a platform.
0	A long passenger train traveling over a rail bridge.
1	a short passenger train traveling over a rail bridge.
0	A very long dark colored train on the tracks.
1	a very short dark colored train on the tracks.
0	a long passenger train sitting on the track next to a platform
1	a short passenger train sitting on the track next to a platform
0	Modern commuter train on a well maintained track
0	There is a somewhat short train moving along a track
1	ancient commuter train on a well maintained track
1	there is a somewhat long train moving along a track
0	A short train is traveling through a junction.
1	a long train is traveling through a junction.
0	Older Americans ride in a simple parade float adorned with red, white and blue decorations.
1	older americans ride in a hard parade float adorned with red, white and blue decorations.
0	A wildly painted utility truck sits in a gravel parking lot
1	a wildly unpainted utility truck sits in a gravel parking lot
0	A yellow truck carrying people on the back of it and something huge on top of it.
1	a yellow truck carrying people on the back of it and something tiny on top of it.
0	People sitting in the back of a small truck that is slowly moving down the road .
1	people sitting in the back of a small truck that is quickly moving down the road.
0	A group of young men wearing sunglasses are crowded into the back of a truck.
1	a group of happy men wearing sunglasses are crowded into the back of a truck.
0	A giant cruise ship next to another giant cruise ship next to a long pier.
0	Beautiful view of two cruise ships at dock.
1	a giant cruise ship next to another giant cruise ship next to a short pier.
1	ugly view of two cruise ships at dock.
0	A young professional man holding a mug to keep himself hidden.
1	a happy professional man holding a mug to keep himself hidden.
0	A ship sits in a dock in dirty water
1	a ship sits in a dock in cheap water
0	A house boat floating on a dirty looking river
1	a house boat floating on a cheap looking river
0	The huge boat is sailing beside an island with a light house.
1	the tiny boat is sailing beside an island with a light house.
0	A man wearing glasses pouring something into a cup being held by a blonde   woman.
1	a man wearing glasses pouring something into a cup being held by a brunette woman.
0	This is a photo of a boat floating on the water in front of a huge mountain.
1	this is a photo of a boat floating on the water in front of a tiny mountain.
0	A young man stands by a gate, holding an umbrella, nearby to a stream.
1	a happy man stands by a gate, holding an umbrella, nearby to a stream.
0	Adult elephants crossing roadway with young in native land.
1	adult elephants crossing roadway with happy in native land.
0	Lots of people taking in the beautiful day on the water.
1	lots of people taking in the ugly day on the water.
0	Older elephant next to young one walking through the grass in the wild
1	older elephant next to happy one walking through the grass in the wild
0	Two green duffel bags of two different designs.
1	two green duffel bags of two like designs.
0	Five different colored and shaped suitcases in a row.
1	five like colored and shaped suitcases in a row.
0	A young black bear climbing a tree in the woods.
1	a happy black bear climbing a tree in the woods.
0	Bear in a tree in heavily wooded area.
1	bear in a tree in lightly wooded area.
0	A young boy picking up a frisbee in the grass
0	a very young child bending down to pick up a Frisbee
1	a happy boy picking up a frisbee in the grass
1	a very happy child bending down to pick up a frisbee
0	A young child in swimwear walking towards the water.
1	a happy child in swimwear walking towards the water.
0	The huge black bear is standing on the rocks.
1	the tiny black bear is standing on the rocks.
0	Toy animals displayed with small trees in outdoor setting.
1	toy animals displayed with small trees in indoor setting.
0	Young people throw Frisbees in a park near high rise buildings.
1	happy people throw frisbees in a park near high rise buildings.
0	A young person with a disc in a big grassy field.
1	a happy person with a disc in a big grassy field.
0	a brown and black horse with long hair standing by some bushes and trees
1	a brown and black horse with short hair standing by some bushes and trees
0	two young men on horseback at a gas station near some gas pumps and trucks
1	two happy men on horseback at a gas station near some gas pumps and trucks
0	A short legged horse walks through a grassy field.
1	a long legged horse walks through a grassy field.
0	Equestrian riders on grassy field during outdoor event.
1	equestrian riders on grassy field during indoor event.
0	A young female equestrian jumps a hurdle on her horse.
1	a happy female equestrian jumps a hurdle on her horse.
0	Woman riding a horse on an outdoor track.
1	woman riding a horse on an indoor track.
0	A young girl rides her horse in the middle of a course.
1	a happy girl rides her horse in the middle of a course.
0	A young girl riding a horse jumping a hurdle
1	a happy girl riding a horse jumping a hurdle
0	A different variety of foods in plastic bags.
1	a like variety of foods in plastic bags.
0	there are three different plates with decorations on it
1	there are three like plates with decorations on it
0	A young man wearing a baseball uniform on top of a field.
1	a happy man wearing a baseball uniform on top of a field.
0	a variety of different vegetables and some strawberries
1	a variety of like vegetables and some strawberries
0	a bunch of different foods are set out on a a table
1	a bunch of like foods are set out on a a table
0	A young boy swinging a baseball bat towards  a ball.
0	A young baseball player swings his bat at the incoming pitch.
1	a happy boy swinging a baseball bat towards a ball.
1	a happy baseball player swings his bat at the incoming pitch.
0	A young man in a pair of jeans doing skateboard tricks.
1	a happy man in a pair of jeans doing skateboard tricks.
0	A skateboarder grabs his skateboard during a stunt in a long half pipe.
0	A young man with a snowboard while a crowd looks on
1	a skateboarder grabs his skateboard during a stunt in a short half pipe.
1	a happy man with a snowboard while a crowd looks on
0	A young man riding on top of a skateboard.
0	there is a young boy that is riding a skateboard
0	A young child skateboarding on a paved walkway.
1	a happy man riding on top of a skateboard.
1	there is a happy boy that is riding a skateboard
1	a happy child skateboarding on a paved walkway.
0	A somewhat blurry image of a young man in the air on his skateboard.
1	a somewhat blurry image of a happy man in the air on his skateboard.
0	A young man skateboarding casts a shadow on the concrete.
1	a happy man skateboarding casts a shadow on the concrete.
0	Two blue boxes full of different types of food.
0	Two containers with different types of food in them
1	two blue boxes full of like types of food.
1	two containers with like types of food in them
0	The sandwich is decorated in a very unusual way.
1	the sandwich is decorated in a very usual way.
0	A ARRAY OF DIFFERENT VEGETABLES ON A BED OF HAY
1	a array of like vegetables on a bed of hay
0	A young man is sitting down with his skateboard.
1	a happy man is sitting down with his skateboard.
0	The young man is riding his skateboard at the event.
1	the happy man is riding his skateboard at the event.
0	Young man performing skateboarding tricks in front of a crowd.
1	happy man performing skateboarding tricks in front of a crowd.
0	A young woman in makeup is holding a sandwich.
1	a happy woman in makeup is holding a sandwich.
0	A produce stand in an open air market with different veggies.
1	a produce stand in an open air market with like veggies.
0	A young man on his skateboard at a skate park
1	a happy man on his skateboard at a skate park
0	A young person riding a skateboard in an empty water channel.
1	a happy person riding a skateboard in an empty water channel.
0	A woman walking across a street in short shorts.
1	a woman walking across a street in long shorts.
0	Young dark-haired male skateboarder coming off a ramp and airborne at nighttime under lights.
1	happy dark-haired male skateboarder coming off a ramp and airborne at nighttime under lights.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a metal hand rail.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a metal hand rail.
0	Skateboarder with an elongated shadow at an outdoor skate park.
1	skateboarder with an elongated shadow at an indoor skate park.
0	a couple of of young men standing on top of a snow covered slope.
1	a couple of of happy men standing on top of a snow covered slope.
0	a young person holding a hot dog near a rack of clothes
1	a happy person holding a hot dog near a rack of clothes
0	A young girl eats a large hot dog covered in sauerkraut, mustard, and relish.
1	a happy girl eats a large hot dog covered in sauerkraut, mustard, and relish.
0	A young man rides a skateboard on a slab of concrete.
1	a happy man rides a skateboard on a slab of concrete.
0	A young boy tries out skateboarding tricks on a road
0	A young boy determinedly rides a skate board
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a road.
1	a happy boy tries out skateboarding tricks on a road
1	a happy boy determinedly rides a skate board
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a road.
0	A young man on his hands and knees riding a skate board.
1	a happy man on his hands and knees riding a skate board.
0	A young man performs a skateboarding trick down some steps.
0	This is young kid doing a skateboard trick.
1	a happy man performs a skateboarding trick down some steps.
1	this is happy kid doing a skateboard trick.
0	A young man is doing a trick over some stairs.
1	a happy man is doing a trick over some stairs.
0	A young man airborne while riding his skate board.
1	a happy man airborne while riding his skate board.
0	A young boy with a gold shirt is on a purple skateboard.
0	A young boy riding a skateboard on a sidewalk
0	A young skateboarder isn't much bigger than his board.
1	a happy boy with a gold shirt is on a purple skateboard.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard on a sidewalk
1	a happy skateboarder isn't much bigger than his board.
0	A young man is sitting on the ground near a skateboard.
1	a happy man is sitting on the ground near a skateboard.
0	A man is walking down the street eating a huge sandwich.
1	a man is walking down the street eating a tiny sandwich.
0	A young child eating a pizza at a picnic table.
0	a young person sitting at a table eating pizza
1	a happy child eating a pizza at a picnic table.
1	a happy person sitting at a table eating pizza
0	A short order cook is preparing and packing an order from the assembly line.
1	a long order cook is preparing and packing an order from the assembly line.
0	A pretty young lady holding up a pink doughnut with sprinkles.
0	The young girl holds a colorful donut in a convenience store.
1	a pretty happy lady holding up a pink doughnut with sprinkles.
1	the happy girl holds a colorful donut in a convenience store.
0	A man and young child are standing with canoes in a harbor filled with boats.
1	a man and happy child are standing with canoes in a harbor filled with boats.
0	A young woman holding up a white bread sandwich in her kitchen
1	a happy woman holding up a white bread sandwich in her kitchen
0	A Happy Birthday cake with surfboards and palm trees for the design.
1	a angry birthday cake with surfboards and palm trees for the design.
0	Two surfers catching two different waves, one after the other.
1	two surfers catching two like waves, one after the other.
0	A young man and woman using computers on their couch.
1	a happy man and woman using computers on their couch.
0	A young woman eating a slice of cake at a table with the rest on the cake near her.
1	a happy woman eating a slice of cake at a table with the rest on the cake near her.
0	A long haired girl laying on her back with her legs crossed, on a bed.
0	A woman laying on her back in a white sports bra and short shorts.
0	A young female is laying upside down on her bed in her bedroom.
1	a short haired girl laying on her back with her legs crossed, on a bed.
1	a woman laying on her back in a white sports bra and long shorts.
1	a happy female is laying upside down on her bed in her bedroom.
0	A young girl is standing on a beach while holding a boogie board.
0	A young girl in a bathing suit carries a boogie board at the beach
0	A beautiful little girl holding a surfboard standing on a beach.
1	a happy girl is standing on a beach while holding a boogie board.
1	a happy girl in a bathing suit carries a boogie board at the beach
1	a ugly little girl holding a surfboard standing on a beach.
0	A young boy laying in bed with a pacifier in his mouth
0	A young child with a pacifier lying down in his bed
1	a happy boy laying in bed with a pacifier in his mouth
1	a happy child with a pacifier lying down in his bed
0	A young child laying in a bed wearing a diaper.
1	a happy child laying in a bed wearing a diaper.
0	Three young girls are smiling by their sweets.
1	three happy girls are smiling by their sweets.
0	A man holding a pizza paddle taking a pizza out of an outdoor oven
0	A man is pulling a pizza out of an outdoor oven with a group of people.
1	a man holding a pizza paddle taking a pizza out of an indoor oven
1	a man is pulling a pizza out of an indoor oven with a group of people.
0	A man with shorts and long tube socks holds a racket
1	a man with shorts and short tube socks holds a racket
0	A man is holding a pizza alongside an outdoor food court.
1	a man is holding a pizza alongside an indoor food court.
0	A young girl is playing a game of tennis.
1	a happy girl is playing a game of tennis.
0	A beautiful young woman holding a tennis racquet.
1	a ugly young woman holding a tennis racquet.
0	A group of beautiful young women sitting in a living room all looking alike.
0	This is a den area with the same woman posed in five different locations within the room.
0	The same woman is shown doing different things
0	The same woman in several different poses in a living room.
1	a group of ugly young women sitting in a living room all looking alike.
1	this is a den area with the same woman posed in five like locations within the room.
1	the same woman is shown doing like things
1	the same woman in several like poses in a living room.
0	A simple room with minimal decor and furniture.
1	a hard room with minimal decor and furniture.
0	A young boy standing in a living room next to a couch.
1	a happy boy standing in a living room next to a couch.
0	A living room with purple couches and hard wood floors.
1	a living room with purple couches and simple wood floors.
0	A person making an ugly face holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
1	a person making an beautiful face holding nintendo wii game controllers.
0	A living room with hard wood floors and a book shelf.
1	a living room with simple wood floors and a book shelf.
0	A young man in a collared shirt holding a cell phone.
0	a young white male talking on a cell phone.
1	a happy man in a collared shirt holding a cell phone.
1	a happy white male talking on a cell phone.
0	a teenager hanging paper tassels from a long string
0	A young boy tying paper kites to a string stretched across a room.
1	a teenager hanging paper tassels from a short string
1	a happy boy tying paper kites to a string stretched across a room.
0	Young child flying kite while other child watches.
0	two young kids are outside flying their kites.
1	happy child flying kite while other child watches.
1	two happy kids are outside flying their kites.
0	a long disk with several laptops and PC computers
1	a short disk with several laptops and pc computers
0	A young boy who is holding a baseball bat.
0	A young boy holding a silver baseball bat while wearing a hat.
1	a happy boy who is holding a baseball bat.
1	a happy boy holding a silver baseball bat while wearing a hat.
0	Blurred images of people walk past a huge clock on a street.
1	blurred images of people walk past a tiny clock on a street.
0	Young women walking past jewelry store in urban setting.
1	happy women walking past jewelry store in urban setting.
0	Two men are sitting next to different kinds of pizza.
1	two men are sitting next to like kinds of pizza.
0	A tennis player makes a funny gesture after a play.
1	a tennis player makes a dull gesture after a play.
0	A woman is making a funny face while holding a tennis racket
1	a woman is making a dull face while holding a tennis racket
0	A young woman is on a blue tennis court with arms outstretched.
1	a happy woman is on a blue tennis court with arms outstretched.
0	A group of young men standing around an open box of pizza.
1	a group of happy men standing around an open box of pizza.
0	Four pizza pans covered with different types of pizza.
1	four pizza pans covered with like types of pizza.
0	A young girl lays on a wooden floor while clutching a tennis racquet.
1	a happy girl lays on a wooden floor while clutching a tennis racquet.
0	two long cheese pizza sitting on cooling racks
1	two short cheese pizza sitting on cooling racks
0	Several different plants sitting iin a watery setup
1	several like plants sitting iin a watery setup
0	Commuters waiting at a train station with a clock and digital information screens.
1	commuters waiting at a train station with a clock and analog information screens.
0	A young woman in a nightgown sitting in front of an oven.
1	a happy woman in a nightgown sitting in front of an oven.
0	a batch of long curly hair that has been cut off
1	a batch of short curly hair that has been cut off
0	a clock on a short tower and potted plants along the sidewalk
1	a clock on a long tower and potted plants along the sidewalk
0	A guy standing next to a sad clown.
1	a guy standing next to a funny clown.
0	A young unclothed child partially covered with a blanket on another blanket holding a cell phone.
1	a happy unclothed child partially covered with a blanket on another blanket holding a cell phone.
1	a young unclothed child altogether covered with a blanket on another blanket holding a cell phone.
0	Three young men looking at a cell phone.
0	Three young men looking a a cell phone indoors.
0	Three young guys standing around each other in shirts.
1	three happy men looking at a cell phone.
1	three happy men looking a a cell phone indoors.
1	three happy guys standing around each other in shirts.
0	A young boy is recording a performance on a cellphone of several people.
1	a happy boy is recording a performance on a cellphone of several people.
0	A ver small and simple kitchen area with a sink, microwave, dishwasher and cabinets.
1	a ver small and hard kitchen area with a sink, microwave, dishwasher and cabinets.
0	The tiny figurines are placed on the microwave.
1	the huge figurines are placed on the microwave.
0	An adorable little blonde girl standing on top of a box.
0	The young child is standing up high looking down at the camera.
0	A young girl stands on a refrigerator and smiles.
0	A young child is standing on top of a box.
1	an adorable little brunette girl standing on top of a box.
1	the happy child is standing up high looking down at the camera.
1	a happy girl stands on a refrigerator and smiles.
1	a happy child is standing on top of a box.
0	There is a refrigerator full of different beers
1	there is a refrigerator full of like beers
0	Guy working on a vase while others of different shape and sizes sit out to harden
1	guy working on a vase while others of like shape and sizes sit out to harden
0	A modern statue of rock, paper and scissors.
1	a ancient statue of rock, paper and scissors.
0	He remembers the teddy bear he had as a young child.
1	he remembers the teddy bear he had as a happy child.
0	Two teddy bears are arranged around a tiny Christmas tree.
1	two teddy bears are arranged around a huge christmas tree.
0	A young woman licks her lips while eating breakfast.
1	a happy woman licks her lips while eating breakfast.
0	Two plates that have different foods inside of them.
1	two plates that have like foods inside of them.
0	Man giving the peace sign to a lady taking a picture with a smart phone.
1	man giving the peace sign to a lady taking a picture with a dumb phone.
0	Two young men are posing for the camera in front of the computer.
1	two happy men are posing for the camera in front of the computer.
0	A young woman working in a notebook while sitting on a cushion.
1	a happy woman working in a notebook while sitting on a cushion.
0	Young people standing in open field with many kites in air at outdoor event.
1	happy people standing in open field with many kites in air at outdoor event.
0	A long table sits in the middle of the floor.
0	A long food preparation counter in a commercial kitchen.
1	a short table sits in the middle of the floor.
1	a short food preparation counter in a commercial kitchen.
0	A young man holding a skateboard while wearing head phones.
1	a happy man holding a skateboard while wearing head phones.
0	A bicycle and a moped going different directions in a cross walk.
1	a bicycle and a moped going like directions in a cross walk.
0	A simple bathroom with a toilet and bidet.
1	a hard bathroom with a toilet and bidet.
0	A restroom with focus on the modern sink.
0	A picture of a clean modern style bathroom
1	a restroom with focus on the ancient sink.
1	a picture of a clean ancient style bathroom
0	A young man standing next to a race car with the red sox logo on it's hood.
0	A young boy standing in front of a sponsored car.
0	A young boy  standing by a Red Sox car wearing Red Sox shirt and visor
0	A young man standing next to a racecar on a display lot.
1	a happy man standing next to a race car with the red sox logo on it's hood.
1	a happy boy standing in front of a sponsored car.
1	a happy boy standing by a red sox car wearing red sox shirt and visor
1	a happy man standing next to a racecar on a display lot.
0	A toilet with a small tank in a tiny bathroom
0	A small, modern commode in a public restroom that needs to be cleaned.
1	a toilet with a small tank in a huge bathroom
1	a small, ancient commode in a public restroom that needs to be cleaned.
0	A motorcycle is parked perpendicular to the hood of a car.
1	a motorcycle is parked horizontal to the hood of a car.
0	A tiny bathroom with only a toilet and a shelf.
0	A narrow bathroom has a white door on its side
0	Rather narrow bath room that appears to be being remodeled.
1	a huge bathroom with only a toilet and a shelf.
1	a dirty bathroom has a white door on its side
1	rather dirty bath room that appears to be being remodeled.
0	a church building with a tall narrow clock tower
1	a church building with a tall dirty clock tower
0	Toiler with elevated tank in narrow bathroom stall.
1	toiler with elevated tank in dirty bathroom stall.
0	a bowl of a lot of different fruit in it
0	A white bowl filled with different types of fruit.
1	a bowl of a lot of like fruit in it
1	a white bowl filled with like types of fruit.
0	A pile of different fruits sitting next to each other in a  bowl.
1	a pile of like fruits sitting next to each other in a bowl.
0	a very beautiful house which the lights are on
1	a very ugly house which the lights are on
0	An airplane parked on a dirty field next to a chain fence.
1	an airplane parked on a cheap field next to a chain fence.
0	A museum filled with all sorts of different styles planes.
1	a museum filled with all sorts of like styles planes.
0	A long horn bull next to two sheep near a stone wall.
0	Different horn bearing animals are standing in a rocky enclosure.
0	A long horned bull and two long haired sheep in a pen
1	a short horn bull next to two sheep near a stone wall.
1	like horn bearing animals are standing in a rocky enclosure.
1	a narrow horned bull and two long haired sheep in a pen
0	Two different images. One with a street light and street sign and the other with a few different street signs.
1	two like images. one with a street light and street sign and the other with a few different street signs.
0	A young giraffe rests on the ground with it's legs folded under it.
1	a happy giraffe rests on the ground with it's legs folded under it.
0	Beautiful gray clouds with light cascading out of them.
0	The clouds have a very unusual formation as the people look on.
1	ugly gray clouds with light cascading out of them.
1	the clouds have a very usual formation as the people look on.
0	A lot of different size trees in the woods.
1	a lot of like size trees in the woods.
0	The young skateboarder in the cap is jumping over a fire hydrant.
0	A young man jumping a skateboard over a fire hydrant on a city street with tall buildings.
1	the happy skateboarder in the cap is jumping over a fire hydrant.
1	a happy man jumping a skateboard over a fire hydrant on a city street with tall buildings.
0	A young woman sits on a park bench wearing a hat.
1	a happy woman sits on a park bench wearing a hat.
0	A young woman poses on a wooden bench surrounded by bushes.
1	a happy woman poses on a wooden bench surrounded by bushes.
0	A young man sitting on a bench under the bridge
1	a happy man sitting on a bench under the bridge
0	A young boy is walking through the spray of a fire hydrant.
1	a happy boy is walking through the spray of a fire hydrant.
0	A close up of a giraffe shows it's beautiful pattern.
1	a close up of a giraffe shows it's ugly pattern.
0	A very narrow busy road of shops with a lot of people.
1	a very dirty busy road of shops with a lot of people.
0	Two sparrows sit n a table with a red tablecloth at an outdoor cafe.
1	two sparrows sit n a table with a red tablecloth at an indoor cafe.
0	Three giraffes walking around a large outdoor exhibit.
1	three giraffes walking around a large indoor exhibit.
0	A young child sits near a cat and various toys.
1	a happy child sits near a cat and various toys.
0	A collage of pictures with different type of birds in feeders.
0	Many different birds are eating food out of different kinds of bird feeders.
1	a collage of pictures with like type of birds in feeders.
1	many like birds are eating food out of different kinds of bird feeders.
0	A young kid is sitting on a pile of snow that almost covers a road sign.
0	a young kid sitting on a pile of snow next to a street sign
1	a happy kid is sitting on a pile of snow that almost covers a road sign.
1	a happy kid sitting on a pile of snow next to a street sign
0	A little kid is holding a tiny flower
1	a little kid is holding a huge flower
0	A young child is sitting in the grass holding a plastic bat.
0	A young child smiling while sitting in the grass.
1	a happy child is sitting in the grass holding a plastic bat.
1	a happy child smiling while sitting in the grass.
0	A young boy wearing a red catchers mitt.
0	A young boy posing for a picture holding a red glove.
0	There is a young boy in baseball clothes.
1	a happy boy wearing a red catchers mitt.
1	a happy boy posing for a picture holding a red glove.
1	there is a happy boy in baseball clothes.
0	A train with steam pouring out of it's engine through a rural country side.
1	a train with steam pouring out of it's engine through a urban country side.
0	Two young girls standing next to a big stop sign.
1	two happy girls standing next to a big stop sign.
0	A red and yellow train moves past a modern building.
1	a red and yellow train moves past a ancient building.
0	A restaurant with patrons in the outdoor eating area.
1	a restaurant with patrons in the indoor eating area.
0	A couple of large long trains on a track.
1	a couple of large short trains on a track.
0	a long train is sitting on a train track
1	a short train is sitting on a train track
0	A beautiful husky riding in cab of a blue truck.
1	a ugly husky riding in cab of a blue truck.
0	A long haired cat laying on a shoe on the floor.
1	a short haired cat laying on a shoe on the floor.
0	Two farm animals looking uncomfortable in front of the camera.
0	Two young cows standing next to each other.
1	two farm animals looking comfortable in front of the camera.
1	two happy cows standing next to each other.
0	The cat is angry while sitting on top of a pillow.
1	the cat is happy while sitting on top of a pillow.
0	A man resting on a couch with two different colored cats.
1	a man resting on a couch with two like colored cats.
0	A yack and a baby in the forest with long white horns
0	A bull with massive long horns  standing next to a baby.
1	a yack and a baby in the forest with short white horns
1	a bull with massive short horns standing next to a baby.
0	A boy stands while rowing a raft with a long pole.
1	a boy stands while rowing a raft with a short pole.
0	there is a young boy wearing a tie and holding a bear
0	A young boy holding a stuffed brown teddy bear.
1	there is a happy boy wearing a tie and holding a bear
1	a happy boy holding a stuffed brown teddy bear.
0	A woman sitting in a chair while holding a young child.
0	A person holding a young boy on their lap.
1	a woman sitting in a chair while holding a happy child.
1	a person holding a happy boy on their lap.
0	two huge elephant with tusks hidden among the trees
1	two tiny elephant with tusks hidden among the trees
0	A pair of young men in suits and ties next to a woman in a dress.
1	a pair of happy men in suits and ties next to a woman in a dress.
0	An elephant with people on its back crossing a dirty river.
1	an elephant with people on its back crossing a cheap river.
0	Four people are rowing a long boat in a body of water.
1	four people are rowing a short boat in a body of water.
0	A young man is holding a big camera.
0	The young man in a suit is holding a camera.
1	a happy man is holding a big camera.
1	the happy man in a suit is holding a camera.
0	A young man with his mouth open extending his neck tie out in front of him.
0	A young man is standing before a camera.
1	a happy man with his mouth open extending his neck tie out in front of him.
1	a happy man is standing before a camera.
0	It doesn't appear to be a beautiful day outside.
1	it doesn't appear to be a ugly day outside.
0	A young child poses for recognition while wearing a tie.
0	Young boy in pair of overalls and red shirt and tie near door.
0	a young kid with overalls and a tie on
1	a happy child poses for recognition while wearing a tie.
1	happy boy in pair of overalls and red shirt and tie near door.
1	a happy kid with overalls and a tie on
0	A young boy wearing a white dress shirt and tie, standing next to a world globe.
0	A young boy that is standing next to a globe.
1	a happy boy wearing a white dress shirt and tie, standing next to a world globe.
1	a happy boy that is standing next to a globe.
0	A young man in a tie making a sign with his hands.
1	a happy man in a tie making a sign with his hands.
0	A young woman lies on top of a gym bag.
1	a happy woman lies on top of a gym bag.
0	Two suitcases on a bed filled with different items.
1	two suitcases on a bed filled with like items.
0	a lady and her dog on a paddle boat he dog as a life jacket on and hey are happy
1	a lady and her dog on a paddle boat he dog as a life jacket on and hey are angry
0	A cart filled with different boxes of luggage.
1	a cart filled with like boxes of luggage.
0	A young man standing in front of a luggage carousel at an airport.
0	A young man with suitcases on the conveyor belt in an airport
1	a happy man standing in front of a luggage carousel at an airport.
1	a happy man with suitcases on the conveyor belt in an airport
0	A young lady playing with a disc in a grassy field.
1	a happy lady playing with a disc in a grassy field.
0	She's probably not going to get to that frisbee in time.
1	she's improbably not going to get to that frisbee in time.
0	Several different zebras standing in the tall grass.
1	several like zebras standing in the tall grass.
0	A young woman riding a horse in the dirt
1	a happy woman riding a horse in the dirt
0	A young zebra grooms its self in the sun.
1	a happy zebra grooms its self in the sun.
0	Two horses standing a field of grass next to a young horse.
1	two horses standing a field of grass next to a happy horse.
0	a happy boy wearing his baseball uniform in front of the fireplace
0	A big smile for a young baseball player.
1	a angry boy wearing his baseball uniform in front of the fireplace
1	a big smile for a happy baseball player.
0	Beautiful oranges in a white bowl with a stack of plates in the background.
1	ugly oranges in a white bowl with a stack of plates in the background.
0	A young child is playing on the baseball field.
1	a happy child is playing on the baseball field.
0	Different types of fruit are shown on the counter.
1	like types of fruit are shown on the counter.
0	Two young baseball players in the middle of a game
1	two happy baseball players in the middle of a game
0	Three skiers prepare for a simple downhill run.
1	three skiers prepare for a hard downhill run.
0	A young man kneeling on top of a base.
1	a happy man kneeling on top of a base.
0	A young boy eating a banana outside.
0	A young boy in a denim jacket wearing a grey raccoon cap eating a banana.
1	a happy boy eating a banana outside.
1	a happy boy in a denim jacket wearing a grey raccoon cap eating a banana.
0	The young boy just finished eating the banana.
0	A young boy who is eating a banana.
1	the happy boy just finished eating the banana.
1	a happy boy who is eating a banana.
0	A young person standing on a snow covered ground while wearing skies.
1	a happy person standing on a snow covered ground while wearing skies.
0	Different foods and sauce sitting on a plastic plate
0	Broccoli, a hard boiled egg, sauce and some other food together in a container.
1	like foods and sauce sitting on a plastic plate
1	broccoli, a easy boiled egg, sauce and some other food together in a container.
0	A young man swinging a baseball bat on a baseball field.
0	A young person swinging a baseball bat and striking the ball.
1	a happy man swinging a baseball bat on a baseball field.
1	a happy person swinging a baseball bat and striking the ball.
0	A container filled with different types of food.
1	a container filled with like types of food.
0	A young man on a skateboard at a skate park
0	a young man jumping with his skateboard in a skate park
1	a happy man on a skateboard at a skate park
1	a happy man jumping with his skateboard in a skate park
0	The young men are riding their skateboards down the street.
1	the happy men are riding their skateboards down the street.
0	A beautiful young lady eating a candy apple on an amusement park ride.
1	a ugly young lady eating a candy apple on an amusement park ride.
0	The different types of food are sitting on the plate.
1	the like types of food are sitting on the plate.
0	Several different types of foods on various plates on a table.
1	several like types of foods on various plates on a table.
0	Two young child skiers are headed down a small slope.
1	two happy child skiers are headed down a small slope.
0	A young person on skis posing for a picture.
1	a happy person on skis posing for a picture.
0	Three different teddy bear on a blanket on a chair.
1	three like teddy bear on a blanket on a chair.
0	Three teddy bears, each a different color, snuggling together.
1	three teddy bears, each a like color, snuggling together.
0	A young boy riding a skateboard through the air.
0	A young kid in the air on a skateboard.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard through the air.
1	a happy kid in the air on a skateboard.
0	A young boy on a skateboard doing a trick.
1	a happy boy on a skateboard doing a trick.
0	A young man skateboarding on a metal rail.
0	Young man riding a skateboard on a rail.
1	a happy man skateboarding on a metal rail.
1	happy man riding a skateboard on a rail.
0	A young man is going down the street on a skate board.
1	a happy man is going down the street on a skate board.
0	A serving spoon is placed on top of a tray of different foods.
1	a serving spoon is placed on top of a tray of like foods.
0	A young boy jumping in the air on a skateboard
1	a happy boy jumping in the air on a skateboard
0	A black plate topped with a pile of different foods.
1	a black plate topped with a pile of like foods.
0	The person skis along a narrow, snowy path.
1	the person skis along a dirty, snowy path.
0	A person on a snowboard on a short ski slope ramp in front of a building.
1	a person on a snowboard on a long ski slope ramp in front of a building.
0	A young male jumping with his skate board.
1	a happy male jumping with his skate board.
0	Two young boys eating while wearing skiing outfits.
0	Two young children sitting outside on a bench eating doughnuts.
1	two happy boys eating while wearing skiing outfits.
1	two happy children sitting outside on a bench eating doughnuts.
0	Man eating hot dog from tiny container in restaurant
1	man eating hot dog from huge container in restaurant
0	A blurry foreground suggests a counter top with food-bearing items, while the majority of the shot shows a rippling expanse of water and a person standing on a surfboard and using a long oar to move away from shore.
1	a blurry foreground suggests a counter top with food-bearing items, while the majority of the shot shows a rippling expanse of water and a person standing on a surfboard and using a short oar to move away from shore.
0	A plate topped with three different types of doughnuts.
1	a plate topped with three like types of doughnuts.
0	Six donuts, all being a different kind of flavor.
0	A variety of different donuts in a box.
1	six donuts, all being a like kind of flavor.
1	a variety of like donuts in a box.
0	A doughnut with icing and different colored sprinkles on it.
1	a doughnut with icing and like colored sprinkles on it.
0	A young boy eating a chocolate covered donut.
1	a happy boy eating a chocolate covered donut.
0	A young woman reaches to swing at a tennis ball.
1	a happy woman reaches to swing at a tennis ball.
0	A young boy smiles next to a toy train.
1	a happy boy smiles next to a toy train.
0	A blonde boy stands looking happily at the camera
1	a blonde boy stands looking sadly at the camera
0	Young boy playing T-ball on his front lawn
0	A young boy hitting a baseball off a t-ball stand.
0	A young boy hitting a tee ball with a red bat.
1	happy boy playing t-ball on his front lawn
1	a happy boy hitting a baseball off a t-ball stand.
1	a happy boy hitting a tee ball with a red bat.
0	The young children are on the water learning to surf.
1	the happy children are on the water learning to surf.
0	A young girl on a bed with many stuffed animals.
1	a happy girl on a bed with many stuffed animals.
0	A young boy eating breakfast in bed.
1	a happy boy eating breakfast in bed.
0	A young man is surfing on a wave in the ocean.
1	a happy man is surfing on a wave in the ocean.
0	Father, mother, and young son playing in the water.
0	Several different people in the water swimming together.
1	father, mother, and happy son playing in the water.
1	several like people in the water swimming together.
0	A man is helping a young boy learn to surf as others swim around watching.
1	a man is helping a happy boy learn to surf as others swim around watching.
0	The blue and purple room looks very comfortable.
1	the blue and purple room looks very uncomfortable.
0	The young soccer player is kicking the ball.
0	A young lady playing soccer alone on a soccer field.
1	the happy soccer player is kicking the ball.
1	a happy lady playing soccer alone on a soccer field.
0	Two young kids play soccer against each other.
0	Two young boys on opposite teams play a soccer game.
1	two happy kids play soccer against each other.
1	two happy boys on opposite teams play a soccer game.
0	A young woman laying on her stomach on top of a bed.
1	a happy woman laying on her stomach on top of a bed.
0	A nerdy young man in a baseball cap and leopard print bathrobe stands next to a bed.
0	a young man wearing an animal print robe next to a white bed
1	a nerdy happy man in a baseball cap and leopard print bathrobe stands next to a bed.
1	a happy man wearing an animal print robe next to a white bed
0	A couple of young people standing on a beach next to the water.
1	a couple of happy people standing on a beach next to the water.
0	A bedroom with a bed underneath a large mural of cactus on the wall, in different colors.
1	a bedroom with a bed underneath a large mural of cactus on the wall, in like colors.
0	two young boys are enjoying pizza and pepsi
0	Two young boys sit at a table with pizza.
1	two happy boys are enjoying pizza and pepsi
1	two happy boys sit at a table with pizza.
0	The beach with a young boy standing on the sand and holding a paddle, and people in the distance at the water area.
1	the beach with a happy boy standing on the sand and holding a paddle, and people in the distance at the water area.
0	A beautiful woman sitting in front of a laptop computer.
0	A young woman playing a piano in a dark room.
1	a ugly woman sitting in front of a laptop computer.
1	a happy woman playing a piano in a dark room.
0	A woman in a very short white skirt holding a tennis racquet.
1	a woman in a very long white skirt holding a tennis racquet.
0	The woman wearing pink is playing outdoor tennis
1	the woman wearing pink is playing indoor tennis
0	A young man laying down and looking at a television
1	a happy man laying down and looking at a television
0	A young boy holding up an electric tooth  brush.
0	The young child with the missing tooth is holding up a new tooth brush.
0	Happy boy showing off a packaged electric toothbrush.
1	a happy boy holding up an electric tooth brush.
1	the happy child with the missing tooth is holding up a new tooth brush.
1	angry boy showing off a packaged electric toothbrush.
0	Man taking photos of young children while brushing their teeth.
0	Two young children are brushing their teeth in the bathroom while their father is taking their picture.
0	Two young children are brushing their teeth in the bathroom mirror.
1	man taking photos of happy children while brushing their teeth.
1	two happy children are brushing their teeth in the bathroom while their father is taking their picture.
1	two happy children are brushing their teeth in the bathroom mirror.
0	A pretty young dark haired girl brushing her teeth.
1	a pretty happy dark haired girl brushing her teeth.
0	This very long room holds many interesting things.
1	this very short room holds many interesting things.
0	Loft style living room with modern, Scandinavian furniture.
1	loft style living room with ancient, scandinavian furniture.
0	Comfortable, modern living room overlooking a wooded area
1	uncomfortable, modern living room overlooking a wooded area
0	An advanced home office with three different computers
1	an advanced home office with three like computers
0	A collaboration  of people in different pictures doing things
0	A series of images of young men painting and holding kites.
0	A few people working with colored fabrics in different ways.
1	a collaboration of people in like pictures doing things
1	a series of images of happy men painting and holding kites.
1	a few people working with colored fabrics in like ways.
0	A lady with a kite walking on a long wooden bridge.
1	a lady with a kite walking on a short wooden bridge.
0	A refrigerator with different items of food and drink.
0	The inside of a refrigerator with several different types of foods
0	A refrigerator is sparsely stocked with simple food.
1	a refrigerator with like items of food and drink.
1	the inside of a refrigerator with several like types of foods
1	a refrigerator is sparsely stocked with difficult food.
0	The view of a shoreline with a long grass park.
1	the view of a shoreline with a short grass park.
0	A young boy swings a baseball bat in the backyard.
0	The young batter wearing a helmet prepares to swing.
0	A young boy wearing a batting helmet in a hitting stance.
0	A young boy wearing a helmet holding a baseball bat.
0	A young boy poses with a bat and helmet
1	a happy boy swings a baseball bat in the backyard.
1	the happy batter wearing a helmet prepares to swing.
1	a happy boy wearing a batting helmet in a hitting stance.
1	a happy boy wearing a helmet holding a baseball bat.
1	a happy boy poses with a bat and helmet
0	Three young men at the entrance of a house, one holding a baseball bat
1	three happy men at the entrance of a house, one holding a baseball bat
0	BEAUTIFUL SCENE OF THE WATER, THE BRIDGE, AND A TALL CLOCK TOWER
1	ugly scene of the water, the bridge, and a tall clock tower
0	A young man swinging a baseball bat in front of a catcher.
1	a happy man swinging a baseball bat in front of a catcher.
0	Woman tennis player with blonde hair wearing white hat and a orange and white outfit.
1	woman tennis player with brunette hair wearing white hat and a orange and white outfit.
0	A young man hunched over on a tennis court.
1	a happy man hunched over on a tennis court.
0	A woman sitting at a long table with an unhappy look on her face.
0	Group of people sitting at a long table eating and drinking.
0	A long table in front of a white board with people eating.
1	a woman sitting at a short table with an unhappy look on her face.
1	group of people sitting at a short table eating and drinking.
1	a short table in front of a white board with people eating.
0	A beautiful girl holding two tennis racquets in her hand.
1	a ugly girl holding two tennis racquets in her hand.
0	Three stuffed bears each wearing matching sweaters and hats in different colors.
1	three stuffed bears each wearing matching sweaters and hats in like colors.
0	Several different teddy bears sitting on display in front of a mirror.
1	several like teddy bears sitting on display in front of a mirror.
0	The young baby is sitting next to the large teddy bear.
1	the happy baby is sitting next to the large teddy bear.
0	A set of four toy miniature appliances of different colors and styles.
1	a set of four toy miniature appliances of like colors and styles.
0	A young woman in a city talking on a cell phone
1	a happy woman in a city talking on a cell phone
0	A young girl with a top hat on is playing with an object.
0	A young child wearing a hat with fake hair takes a picture.
1	a happy girl with a top hat on is playing with an object.
1	a happy child wearing a hat with fake hair takes a picture.
0	A young boy in a red shirt looking at a cell phone
1	a happy boy in a red shirt looking at a cell phone
0	Modern all white kitchen are of residential home.
1	ancient all white kitchen are of residential home.
0	a very long building with a city clock
1	a very short building with a city clock
0	The beautiful flowers are inside the buckets by the window
1	the ugly flowers are inside the buckets by the window
0	a very big building with a long fence by it
1	a very big building with a short fence by it
0	A young person using a hair dryer near bunk beds.
0	A young man is holding a hair dryer.
1	a happy person using a hair dryer near bunk beds.
1	a happy man is holding a hair dryer.
0	A young girl posing next to a large teddy bear.
0	A young girl sits next to a teddy ear in glasses.
1	a happy girl posing next to a large teddy bear.
1	a happy girl sits next to a teddy ear in glasses.
0	A penny behind three tiny flower vases on a wooden table.
1	a penny behind three huge flower vases on a wooden table.
0	A stone building with a stone floor and several different plants in front.
1	a stone building with a stone floor and several like plants in front.
0	A blue shelf holds different sized silver vases.
1	a blue shelf holds like sized silver vases.
0	There are many different colored scissors on top of a desk
0	Group of different colored scissors next to each other.
1	there are many like colored scissors on top of a desk
1	group of like colored scissors next to each other.
0	A woman eating  at an outdoor wooden table.
1	a woman eating at an indoor wooden table.
0	A woman sitting at an outdoor eatery with a breakfast plate on the wooden table in front of her.
1	a woman sitting at an indoor eatery with a breakfast plate on the wooden table in front of her.
0	Different varieties of food for two on a table
1	like varieties of food for two on a table
0	A partitioned tray holds several different lunch items.
1	a partitioned tray holds several like lunch items.
0	A series of photos showing different types of food.
0	There are several different photos that display a variety of food dishes.
0	The four images each have different plates of food.
1	a series of photos showing like types of food.
1	there are several like photos that display a variety of food dishes.
1	the four images each have like plates of food.
0	Four different photographs of soups, rice and fish.
0	Four photos of different types of Asian cuisine.
0	A menu with pictures of different types of food.
1	four like photographs of soups, rice and fish.
1	four photos of like types of asian cuisine.
1	a menu with pictures of like types of food.
0	A series of photographs depicting plates covered in different types of food.
0	You can see five different meals, one for each of five different ethnic groups.
0	There are numerous images of different types of food including pasta.
1	a series of photographs depicting plates covered in like types of food.
1	you can see five like meals, one for each of five different ethnic groups.
1	there are numerous images of like types of food including pasta.
0	The collage has four images that show different plates of food.
0	A bunch of different foods in different shots.
0	Four different dishes containing meat, noodles, rice and soup
1	the collage has four images that show like plates of food.
1	a bunch of like foods in different shots.
1	four like dishes containing meat, noodles, rice and soup
0	four different pictures of a variety of foods
0	Several different pictures of various types of food.
1	four like pictures of a variety of foods
1	several like pictures of various types of food.
0	five different pictures of different food items
0	A split picture shows different bowls of food.
0	Pictures of different bowls and plates of food.
1	five like pictures of different food items
1	a split picture shows like bowls of food.
1	pictures of like bowls and plates of food.
0	A passenger train traveling through rural mountain countryside.
1	a passenger train traveling through urban mountain countryside.
0	Rows of tables with people sitting at them on long benches.
1	rows of tables with people sitting at them on short benches.
0	A person on a long large train on a track.
1	a person on a short large train on a track.
0	Trucks and men are near a huge docked sail boat.
1	trucks and men are near a tiny docked sail boat.
0	The kitchen has a lot of dirty dishes in the sink.
1	the kitchen has a lot of cheap dishes in the sink.
0	Two sinks in a kitchen with dirty dishes in them.
0	A double sink full of dirty cups and spoons
1	two sinks in a kitchen with cheap dishes in them.
1	a double sink full of cheap cups and spoons
0	a guy riding a bicycle past a painted city wall
1	a guy riding a bicycle past a unpainted city wall
0	a bike sitting by a pole in a narrow alley
0	A view of a narrow city street during non-business hours.
0	A bicycle is parked in the narrow alleyway.
1	a bike sitting by a pole in a dirty alley
1	a view of a dirty city street during non-business hours.
1	a bicycle is parked in the dirty alleyway.
0	A fuzzy photo shows a simple bathroom and bathtub.
1	a fuzzy photo shows a hard bathroom and bathtub.
0	A long hallway with a dog and a bike laying on the floor.
1	a short hallway with a dog and a bike laying on the floor.
0	A toilet in a tiny space with a roll of paper on the ledge
1	a toilet in a huge space with a roll of paper on the ledge
0	A small bathroom has two dirty toilets and a sink
1	a small bathroom has two cheap toilets and a sink
0	there is a very beautiful view out of this bathroom window
1	there is a very ugly view out of this bathroom window
0	A beautiful bathroom sink with a person taking a photo in the mirror.
1	a ugly bathroom sink with a person taking a photo in the mirror.
0	a small white toilet is in a tiny bathroom
1	a small white toilet is in a huge bathroom
0	A modern bathroom with a toilet and shower.
1	a ancient bathroom with a toilet and shower.
0	A beautiful young woman brushing her teeth in a bathroom.
1	a ugly young woman brushing her teeth in a bathroom.
0	A very modern bathroom with a bowl sink, toilet and tub.
1	a very ancient bathroom with a bowl sink, toilet and tub.
0	Vehicles at outdoor cycling event with pedestrians nearby.
1	vehicles at indoor cycling event with pedestrians nearby.
0	A young man looks at himself in the mirror.
1	a happy man looks at himself in the mirror.
0	The small dog has a tiny black nose.
1	the small dog has a huge black nose.
0	A group of smiling young children sit at a table in the library.
1	a group of smiling happy children sit at a table in the library.
0	A photo of the camera peeking into a dirty bathroom.
1	a photo of the camera peeking into a cheap bathroom.
0	An old and dirty  public bathroom stall
1	an old and cheap public bathroom stall
0	A bathroom with three stalls and three different styles of urinals.
1	a bathroom with three stalls and three like styles of urinals.
0	Each of the trio of urinals are equally capable of holding tremendous amounts of human urine.
1	each of the trio of urinals are unevenly capable of holding tremendous amounts of human urine.
0	Long rows of white urinals sitting on a wall in a bathroom.
1	short rows of white urinals sitting on a wall in a bathroom.
0	two cops on bikes talking to each other on different bikes
1	two cops on bikes talking to each other on like bikes
0	The motorcyclist is happy to be on the road.
0	A man on his motorcycle next to a beautiful scene.
1	the motorcyclist is angry to be on the road.
1	a man on his motorcycle next to a ugly scene.
0	A young couple smile as they sit in a nice restaurant.
0	young couple having desert and wine at a restaurant
0	Happy couple having a dinner at a restaurant.
1	a happy couple smile as they sit in a nice restaurant.
1	happy couple having desert and wine at a restaurant
1	angry couple having a dinner at a restaurant.
0	A young boy riding a motorcycle next to a silver car.
0	A little baby is sitting on a huge motorcycle.
1	a happy boy riding a motorcycle next to a silver car.
1	a little baby is sitting on a tiny motorcycle.
0	A young man standing next to a bike
1	a happy man standing next to a bike
0	A giraffe standing in a field next to a long horned bull.
1	a giraffe standing in a field next to a short horned bull.
0	a long airplane taking off in the sky
1	a short airplane taking off in the sky
0	A US Airways plane in the air flying upward in the sky.
1	a us airways plane in the air flying downward in the sky.
0	A small enclosure for different types of animals.
1	a small enclosure for like types of animals.
0	An outdoor street in the midst of a storm.
1	an indoor street in the midst of a storm.
0	The young woman is petting the large giraffe.
1	the happy woman is petting the large giraffe.
0	A large long bus going down a city street.
1	a large short bus going down a city street.
0	A neon green taxi is next to a long bus.
1	a neon green taxi is next to a short bus.
0	A yellow traffic light with a set of three different colors.
1	a yellow traffic light with a set of three like colors.
0	A giraffe is standing near some green, leafy trees.
1	a giraffe is standing near some green, leafless trees.
0	There is a long transit bus with an Asian driver.
1	there is a short transit bus with an asian driver.
0	A modern double decker red tour bus with an ad on the side for "singin in the rain".
1	a ancient double decker red tour bus with an ad on the side for "singin in the rain".
0	A simple wooden bench is in the woods.
1	a hard wooden bench is in the woods.
0	Crowded sheep of different colors stand in an enclosure.
0	A very large herd of sheep of all different colors.
1	crowded sheep of like colors stand in an enclosure.
1	a very large herd of sheep of all like colors.
0	This looks like the setting of an outdoor meeting place.
1	this looks like the setting of an indoor meeting place.
0	A long, yellow school bus sitting in grass.
0	A long yellow school bus parked in a grassy field
1	a short, yellow school bus sitting in grass.
1	a short yellow school bus parked in a grassy field
0	An old school bus parked on grass with it's door partially open.
1	an old school bus parked on grass with it's door altogether open.
0	A long bus is stopped next to a blue bridge.
1	a short bus is stopped next to a blue bridge.
0	A large long bus on a city street.
1	a large short bus on a city street.
0	a long green and white bus driving down the road
1	a short green and white bus driving down the road
0	A young boy is herding rams with a stick.
1	a happy boy is herding rams with a stick.
0	A sign hangs at the entrance of a very narrow street alerting no left turn can be made.
1	a sign hangs at the entrance of a very dirty street alerting no left turn can be made.
0	A long legged bird walking by a fruit tree
1	a short legged bird walking by a fruit tree
0	a big long pole with a white sign on it
1	a big short pole with a white sign on it
0	A group of young ladies riding on the back of a horse.
0	Young girls are riding on the same horse.
1	a group of happy ladies riding on the back of a horse.
1	happy girls are riding on the same horse.
0	The Central Railway Station tracks in an old photograph.
1	the peripheral railway station tracks in an old photograph.
0	A train traveling through rural countryside lined with trees.
0	A train drives down a narrow track surrounded by trees.
1	a train traveling through urban countryside lined with trees.
1	a train drives down a dirty track surrounded by trees.
0	A silver and blue passenger train traveling through a heavily vegetated area.
1	a silver and blue passenger train traveling through a lightly vegetated area.
0	A female turkey with three of her young
1	a female turkey with three of her happy
0	A yellow train going through a rural, hilly area.
1	a yellow train going through a urban, hilly area.
0	a bunch of people pile into a tiny subway train
1	a bunch of people pile into a huge subway train
0	A long road in the middle of no where with some cars on it.
0	A rural road is occupied by farm vehicles.
1	a short road in the middle of no where with some cars on it.
1	a urban road is occupied by farm vehicles.
0	A cat laying next to a pair of shoes on a hard wood floor.
1	a cat laying next to a pair of shoes on a simple wood floor.
0	A red smart phone sitting on top of a wooden table.
1	a red dumb phone sitting on top of a wooden table.
0	The young men in suits are posing on a staircase.
0	A group of young men in suits posed outside a building.
0	Old photo of young men in nice shirts on foot steps
0	A group of young men in suits outside of a building
1	the happy men in suits are posing on a staircase.
1	a group of happy men in suits posed outside a building.
1	old photo of happy men in nice shirts on foot steps
1	a group of happy men in suits outside of a building
0	A group of young women wearing ties and white shirts.
1	a group of happy women wearing ties and white shirts.
0	an adult elephant and young elephant cross a dirt road together
1	an adult elephant and happy elephant cross a dirt road together
0	A beautiful sculpture of a blue and silver elephant.
1	a ugly sculpture of a blue and silver elephant.
0	A huge and very old elephant in the view.
1	a tiny and very old elephant in the view.
0	A young man in a suit and tie with star burst background.
0	A young well groomed man sports a jacket and tie
1	a happy man in a suit and tie with star burst background.
1	a happy well groomed man sports a jacket and tie
0	A young woman sits at her laptop near parked cars.
1	a happy woman sits at her laptop near parked cars.
0	This is an old fashion picture of people dressed up for an outdoor event.
1	this is an old fashion picture of people dressed up for an indoor event.
0	A man standing in the shadows, wearing a hat, tie and long coat.
1	a man standing in the shadows, wearing a hat, tie and short coat.
0	A young lady poses for a photograph while holding an umbrella.
0	A beautiful woman walking down a sidewalk while looking over her should and carrying a blue umbrella.
0	a  young girl holding an umbrella and walking down the sidewalk
1	a happy lady poses for a photograph while holding an umbrella.
1	a ugly woman walking down a sidewalk while looking over her should and carrying a blue umbrella.
1	a happy girl holding an umbrella and walking down the sidewalk
0	A black bag attached to the long handle of a piece of luggage.
1	a black bag attached to the short handle of a piece of luggage.
0	two long lines of boys paddle a canoe
0	A long canoe full of children that are rowing
0	A rowing team of young boys in a boat rowing on a river.
1	two short lines of boys paddle a canoe
1	a short canoe full of children that are rowing
1	a rowing team of happy boys in a boat rowing on a river.
0	A view of a huge statue from behind a woman with an open umbrella.
1	a view of a tiny statue from behind a woman with an open umbrella.
0	A young girl with glasses appears to be waiting with luggage at the baggage center.
1	a happy girl with glasses appears to be waiting with luggage at the baggage center.
0	Two zebra walking down a small rural road.
1	two zebra walking down a small urban road.
0	A group of young guys playing frisbee in a field.
1	a group of happy guys playing frisbee in a field.
0	Two young men standing on a green field playing frisbee.
1	two happy men standing on a green field playing frisbee.
0	A young dog chasing after an orange frisbee
0	A  YOUNG DOG BITING AN ORANGE FRISBEE IN YARD
1	a happy dog chasing after an orange frisbee
1	a happy dog biting an orange frisbee in yard
0	Here is an image of an outdoor place.
0	shows the beautiful designs of a zebra pattern
1	here is an image of an indoor place.
1	shows the ugly designs of a zebra pattern
0	Lone zebra as seen through narrow opening in enclosed area.
1	lone zebra as seen through dirty opening in enclosed area.
0	A young person kneeling down on a grassy park.
1	a happy person kneeling down on a grassy park.
0	A zebra standing on a dirty rocky field.
1	a zebra standing on a cheap rocky field.
0	Two zebra standing on a dirty road next to a grass covered field.
1	two zebra standing on a cheap road next to a grass covered field.
0	A young man is throwing out a pitch at a baseball game.
0	a young baseball player throwing a pitch from the pitchers mound
1	a happy man is throwing out a pitch at a baseball game.
1	a happy baseball player throwing a pitch from the pitchers mound
0	A group of young men standing on top of a basketball court.
1	a group of happy men standing on top of a basketball court.
0	A young man does a skateboard trick on a city street.
1	a happy man does a skateboard trick on a city street.
0	Someone worked hard to put these apples in such an appealing display.
1	someone worked simple to put these apples in such an appealing display.
0	A plate that has different type of foods on it.
1	a plate that has like type of foods on it.
0	A young woman on a skateboard in a skate park
1	a happy woman on a skateboard in a skate park
0	two young people riding skate boards on a flat surface
0	Two young men riding skateboards across a parking lot.
0	two young men skateboarding in an open area during winter
1	two happy people riding skate boards on a flat surface
1	two happy men riding skateboards across a parking lot.
1	two happy men skateboarding in an open area during winter
0	A young boy on a skateboard balancing on a metal object.
1	a happy boy on a skateboard balancing on a metal object.
0	Two young boys riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope.
0	Two young skiers going down a snowy hill.
0	Two young children skiing together down a mountain.
1	two happy boys riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope.
1	two happy skiers going down a snowy hill.
1	two happy children skiing together down a mountain.
0	A young lady riding skis on a snow covered slope.
1	a happy lady riding skis on a snow covered slope.
0	Two young men skateboard around a skate park
1	two happy men skateboard around a skate park
0	A table topped with lots of vegetables of different color and kind.
0	A display of different veggies including carrots and beets.
1	a table topped with lots of vegetables of like color and kind.
1	a display of like veggies including carrots and beets.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a street.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a street.
0	there are many different types of food gathered on the table
0	A table covered in different kinds of baked goods and fruit.
1	there are many like types of food gathered on the table
1	a table covered in like kinds of baked goods and fruit.
0	A group of young skiers gather together on a snowy slope.
0	many young people wearing skis on a snowy slope
1	a group of happy skiers gather together on a snowy slope.
1	many happy people wearing skis on a snowy slope
0	Young boys on skis gathered in a group at the top of  a hill.
0	The young people are leaning on their ski poles.
1	happy boys on skis gathered in a group at the top of a hill.
1	the happy people are leaning on their ski poles.
0	A young man is making a daring move with a skateboard.
1	a happy man is making a daring move with a skateboard.
0	A young man ridding a skateboard jumps a red object on a ramp in the park while others watch.
0	A young man is doing a trick on a skateboard.
1	a happy man ridding a skateboard jumps a red object on a ramp in the park while others watch.
1	a happy man is doing a trick on a skateboard.
0	A crowd of young people sanding on a snow covered ski slope while holding ski equipment.
1	a crowd of happy people sanding on a snow covered ski slope while holding ski equipment.
0	A group of young people riding skis in the snow.
1	a group of happy people riding skis in the snow.
0	A group of young children is standing on skis.
0	Two rows of young skiers lined up for pictures with their skis.
1	a group of happy children is standing on skis.
1	two rows of happy skiers lined up for pictures with their skis.
0	A young man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
1	a happy man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
0	Young girl dressed in pink with striped pants with one foot on skate board on typical suburban street.
0	A young girl in tennis shoes riding a skateboard.
1	happy girl dressed in pink with striped pants with one foot on skate board on typical suburban street.
1	a happy girl in tennis shoes riding a skateboard.
0	A tray that has different types of food.
1	a tray that has like types of food.
0	A young man skating on a slope with others
1	a happy man skating on a slope with others
0	Two young men skate down an urban road.
0	Two young men riding skateboards on a street next to a graffiti covered wall.
1	two happy men skate down an urban road.
1	two happy men riding skateboards on a street next to a graffiti covered wall.
0	A young man is using his skateboard on the street.
1	a happy man is using his skateboard on the street.
0	A  young man skateboarding on indoor wooden ramps.
0	a person rides a skateboard in an indoor skate park
1	a happy man skateboarding on indoor wooden ramps.
1	a person rides a skateboard in an outdoor skate park
0	A young boy riding a skate board inside a building.
1	a happy boy riding a skate board inside a building.
0	A snowboarder is shown against a beautiful sky and trees.
1	a snowboarder is shown against a ugly sky and trees.
0	A snowboarder in flight under a partly cloudy sky.
1	a snowboarder in flight under a altogether cloudy sky.
0	A snowboarder in outdoor gear hols her hands up in front of snowboards on a ski slope.
1	a snowboarder in indoor gear hols her hands up in front of snowboards on a ski slope.
0	A young girl sitting at a table with a box of doughnuts
1	a happy girl sitting at a table with a box of doughnuts
0	a young person laying on a couch eating something
1	a happy person laying on a couch eating something
0	A young boy sits at a table outdoors eating food.
0	A young boy sitting at table eating from a green bowl.
1	a happy boy sits at a table outdoors eating food.
1	a happy boy sitting at table eating from a green bowl.
0	Young child wearing a fireman's hat eating food.
1	happy child wearing a fireman's hat eating food.
0	A group of young men playing a game of football.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of football.
0	The young man are playing a game of soccer in the field.
0	A group of young men playing a game of soccer.
1	the happy man are playing a game of soccer in the field.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of soccer.
0	Two plates with different sandwiches and sides on them.
1	two plates with like sandwiches and sides on them.
0	A young girl eating lunch if fruit in a cool spot of shade.
1	a happy girl eating lunch if fruit in a cool spot of shade.
0	A group of young boys playing a game of soccer.
0	a group of young children on a field playing soccer
1	a group of happy boys playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy children on a field playing soccer
0	Young child peering at simulated water wave in outdoor setting.
1	happy child peering at simulated water wave in outdoor setting.
0	A young boy reading a book on top of a child's bed.
1	a happy boy reading a book on top of a child's bed.
0	A large three layer happy birthday cake on a plate..
0	A cake with candy wishes a boy a happy birthday.
1	a large three layer angry birthday cake on a plate..
1	a cake with candy wishes a boy a angry birthday.
0	A young man kicking around a blue soccer ball.
1	a happy man kicking around a blue soccer ball.
0	A team of young children playing soccer.
1	a team of happy children playing soccer.
0	Young boys playing soccer on field in urban area.
1	happy boys playing soccer on field in urban area.
0	Young adults viewing set up notebook computers.
1	happy adults viewing set up notebook computers.
0	A pizza cut up in different sized pieces on a plate.
1	a pizza cut up in like sized pieces on a plate.
0	A pizza with different toppings sitting on a pan.
1	a pizza with like toppings sitting on a pan.
0	A partially eaten pizza sitting on a tray.
1	a altogether eaten pizza sitting on a tray.
0	A very cute small child making a funny face.
1	a very cute small child making a dull face.
0	One of the slices of a huge pizza is turned upside down.
1	one of the slices of a tiny pizza is turned upside down.
0	A partially sliced pizza with one piece turned upside down
1	a altogether sliced pizza with one piece turned upside down
0	A guy cutting a pizza on a long counter.
1	a guy cutting a pizza on a short counter.
0	A lady is eating a salad before digging into a huge pizza sitting in front of her.
0	We see a young woman enjoying a meal in a restaurant.
1	a lady is eating a salad before digging into a tiny pizza sitting in front of her.
1	we see a happy woman enjoying a meal in a restaurant.
0	Doubles tennis on an outdoor clay court in a country town.
1	doubles tennis on an indoor clay court in a country town.
0	A young child holding an electric toothbrush in its mouth.
1	a happy child holding an electric toothbrush in its mouth.
0	A young man laying on a sofa using a laptop.
1	a happy man laying on a sofa using a laptop.
0	A pretty young lady standing in front of a couch behind a wooden table.
0	A young girl is using a video game remote control.
1	a pretty happy lady standing in front of a couch behind a wooden table.
1	a happy girl is using a video game remote control.
0	A young man floating cross-legged in the air above carpet
1	a happy man floating cross-legged in the air above carpet
0	A young girl holds a remote next to a girl reading a book.
1	a happy girl holds a remote next to a girl reading a book.
0	a table with different monitors on it and keyboards
1	a table with like monitors on it and keyboards
0	A desk with a laptop, computer and two different keyboards.
1	a desk with a laptop, computer and two like keyboards.
0	A young child wearing headphones in front of a computer keyboard.
0	A young male child with headphones on is playing on the computer.
1	a happy child wearing headphones in front of a computer keyboard.
1	a happy male child with headphones on is playing on the computer.
0	A young boy wearing headphones using a desktop computer
1	a happy boy wearing headphones using a desktop computer
0	A gorgeous young lady holding  a cell phone in her right hand.
0	An attractive young woman is talking on her cel phone.
1	a gorgeous happy lady holding a cell phone in her right hand.
1	an attractive happy woman is talking on her cel phone.
0	A young man is taking a bite of a slice of pizza near companions.
1	a happy man is taking a bite of a slice of pizza near companions.
0	A young girl is playing tennis with a yellow racket.
0	a young tennis player swinging a racket
1	a happy girl is playing tennis with a yellow racket.
1	a happy tennis player swinging a racket
0	a brown teddy bear sitting on a huge box
1	a brown teddy bear sitting on a tiny box
0	Two iPhones with similar icons but different wallpaper
1	two iphones with similar icons but like wallpaper
0	A beautiful flower arrangement on a dining table surrounded by candles and glasses.
1	a ugly flower arrangement on a dining table surrounded by candles and glasses.
0	HAND REACHING OVER A VERY TINY LAP TOP COMPUTER
1	hand reaching over a very huge lap top computer
0	Some old-time ovens sit on the grass at an outdoor market.
1	some old-time ovens sit on the grass at an indoor market.
0	A young man dribbles a basketball as his companion talks on a phone.
0	A young man holding a helmet or ball in his hand
1	a happy man dribbles a basketball as his companion talks on a phone.
1	a happy man holding a helmet or ball in his hand
0	A man holding a smart phone while sitting in a chair.
1	a man holding a dumb phone while sitting in a chair.
0	A slim, modern fridge is next to some clean, sleek cabinets.
1	a slim, ancient fridge is next to some clean, sleek cabinets.
0	A kitchen with a huge ice box and some tile flooring.
1	a kitchen with a tiny ice box and some tile flooring.
0	Tiny children's toys and a cartoon  sitting on a carpet.
1	huge children's toys and a cartoon sitting on a carpet.
0	The Chinese decorations are large and beautiful.
1	the chinese decorations are large and ugly.
0	A vase with beautiful purple flowers decorated in it.
1	a vase with ugly purple flowers decorated in it.
0	A vase with several different species of flower sits on a glass table.
1	a vase with several like species of flower sits on a glass table.
0	Some very cute stuffed animals in funny costumes together.
1	some very cute stuffed animals in dull costumes together.
0	A red container filled with lots of different foods.
1	a red container filled with lots of like foods.
0	People sitting at a long table in a restaurant with many plates.
1	people sitting at a short table in a restaurant with many plates.
0	Two people posing in funny hats for a camera
1	two people posing in dull hats for a camera
0	There are two different types of sink featured here.
1	there are two like types of sink featured here.
0	A modern kitchen with a stove top oven and a microwave.
1	a ancient kitchen with a stove top oven and a microwave.
0	Young girl mixing ingredients in a bowl in the kitchen.
0	A black and white photo of a young girl cooking in the kitchen.
1	happy girl mixing ingredients in a bowl in the kitchen.
1	a black and white photo of a happy girl cooking in the kitchen.
0	A hanging sorter with fruits and vegetables throughout three different tiers.
1	a hanging sorter with fruits and vegetables throughout three like tiers.
0	A small and tidy modern galley style kitchen.
1	a small and tidy ancient galley style kitchen.
0	A beautiful kitchen with food cooking on the stove
1	a ugly kitchen with food cooking on the stove
0	A beautiful kitchen with white and green trimming
1	a ugly kitchen with white and green trimming
0	A modern luxury bathroom is equipped with a large shower and pedestal style tub.
1	a ancient luxury bathroom is equipped with a large shower and pedestal style tub.
0	A modern bathroom with stand alone tub and modern fixtures
0	A VERY ELEGANT LOOKING WHITE BATHROOM WITH HUGE TUB.
1	a ancient bathroom with stand alone tub and modern fixtures
1	a very elegant looking white bathroom with tiny tub.
0	Young man in shorts napping on stoone wall, head on backback with bike next to him.
1	happy man in shorts napping on stoone wall, head on backback with bike next to him.
0	A motorcycle parked on a narrow street sitting in front of an older model car
1	a motorcycle parked on a dirty street sitting in front of an older model car
0	Young child, fully clothed, sitting on a closed toilet.
0	A young boy sitting on top of a white table.
1	happy child, fully clothed, sitting on a closed toilet.
1	a happy boy sitting on top of a white table.
0	A modern toilet is seen in this picture.
1	a ancient toilet is seen in this picture.
0	A man with a long beard and big ears sitting down.
0	His long face is accentuated by his long nose and beard.
1	a man with a short beard and big ears sitting down.
1	his short face is accentuated by his long nose and beard.
0	A chubby motorcyclist riding a Kawasaki in a rural setting.
1	a chubby motorcyclist riding a kawasaki in a urban setting.
0	Young Indian man using a laptop in a cafe.
1	happy indian man using a laptop in a cafe.
0	Two different motorcycles, one has blue outlined, while the other has yellow.
1	two like motorcycles, one has blue outlined, while the other has yellow.
0	three different motorcycle couples riding down a road
1	three like motorcycle couples riding down a road
0	a digital tablet sitting on a desk next to a laptop computer.
1	a analog tablet sitting on a desk next to a laptop computer.
0	A plane is traveling near a huge city.
1	a plane is traveling near a tiny city.
0	a beautiful red bud tree full of flowers under a stop light
1	a ugly red bud tree full of flowers under a stop light
0	A long red wall with car brake lights reflecting off it
1	a short red wall with car brake lights reflecting off it
0	Two young girls posing for a picture while riding a bus.
1	two happy girls posing for a picture while riding a bus.
0	A happy man on a bus with other passangers.
1	a angry man on a bus with other passangers.
0	A large group of sheep are in the rural road.
1	a large group of sheep are in the urban road.
0	A painted school bus reads "Van Gogh Museum Bus".
1	a unpainted school bus reads "van gogh museum bus".
0	Many different pictures are posted on the sidewalk wall.
1	many like pictures are posted on the sidewalk wall.
0	A lone bench in a park with huge snow covered mountains in the background.
1	a lone bench in a park with tiny snow covered mountains in the background.
0	A group of boys sitting on a bench making funny faces.
1	a group of boys sitting on a bench making dull faces.
0	Woman expressing joy at outdoor bench near populated area.
1	woman expressing joy at indoor bench near populated area.
0	a giraffe craning its long neck above a green jungle
1	a giraffe craning its short neck above a green jungle
0	Three zebras standing around in a field doing different things
1	three zebras standing around in a field doing like things
0	A herd of sheep in a rural landscape with trees and a pond in the background.
1	a herd of sheep in a urban landscape with trees and a pond in the background.
0	The clock has different bird pictures in place of the numbers.
0	A clock with different types of birds on it.
0	A clock with the numbers replaced with different types of birds.
1	the clock has like bird pictures in place of the numbers.
1	a clock with like types of birds on it.
1	a clock with the numbers replaced with like types of birds.
0	A pudgy little bird roosts on a twig, surrounded by long leaves.
1	a pudgy little bird roosts on a twig, surrounded by short leaves.
0	A bird sitting in a field of beautiful purple flowers.
1	a bird sitting in a field of ugly purple flowers.
0	A black cat with a tiny knitted hat on its head.
0	A black cat resting on a bed wearing a tiny winter hat.
1	a black cat with a huge knitted hat on its head.
1	a black cat resting on a bed wearing a huge winter hat.
0	A couple walking their dog on a dirty street.
1	a couple walking their dog on a cheap street.
0	A large yellow and black train traveling through rural countryside.
1	a large yellow and black train traveling through urban countryside.
0	A short train traveling through a rustic contryside.
1	a long train traveling through a rustic contryside.
0	A long passenger train traveling through a rural countryside.
1	a short passenger train traveling through a rural countryside.
0	there are many different signs on this street pole
1	there are many like signs on this street pole
0	An Asian street scene with different types of vehicles.
1	an asian street scene with like types of vehicles.
0	A street sign that has various different directions.
0	A sign pointing to eight different locations in a town.
1	a street sign that has various like directions.
1	a sign pointing to eight like locations in a town.
0	A street scene with focus on a street sign with a long street name.
1	a street scene with focus on a street sign with a short street name.
0	There is a short train pulling into a train station.
1	there is a long train pulling into a train station.
0	The front of a restaurant with outdoor an outdoor dining area.
1	the front of a restaurant with outdoor an indoor dining area.
0	Outdoor patio and front of a bar that serves hot dogs
1	indoor patio and front of a bar that serves hot dogs
0	Many different animals are in the sunlight at the base of a mountain.
1	many like animals are in the sunlight at the base of a mountain.
0	A young calf stands amidst the grasses on the riverside.
0	A young light brown cow looking forward on top of the grass.
1	a happy calf stands amidst the grasses on the riverside.
1	a happy light brown cow looking forward on top of the grass.
0	a close up of a person holding a tiny cat being fed with a bottle
1	a close up of a person holding a huge cat being fed with a bottle
0	A young lady holding a pink hook towards a black and white cow.
0	A covered outdoor area with open walls that has a young girl walking on the dirt and a cow near her.
1	a happy lady holding a pink hook towards a black and white cow.
1	a covered indoor area with open walls that has a young girl walking on the dirt and a cow near her.
0	A garbage truck is driving through the narrow street.
1	a garbage truck is driving through the dirty street.
0	A woman with blonde hair sleeping with her cat next to her.
1	a woman with brunette hair sleeping with her cat next to her.
0	There is a large black bull with long hair
1	there is a large black bull with short hair
0	A large wholly yak with big horns is standing in the grass.
1	a large partly yak with big horns is standing in the grass.
0	a beautiful boat is docked in a bay.
1	a ugly boat is docked in a bay.
0	Young black cat lying on desk with head on keyboard.
1	happy black cat lying on desk with head on keyboard.
0	A man is in a tv frame and making a funny face.
1	a man is in a tv frame and making a dull face.
0	A young man is putting on or taking off a business suit.
1	a happy man is putting on or taking off a business suit.
0	Guy putting on his jacket while shirt and tie are not completely done yet.
1	guy putting on his jacket while shirt and tie are not partly done yet.
0	A young man is wearing a shirt with a loosened tie around his neck.
1	a happy man is wearing a shirt with a loosened tie around his neck.
0	A smiling man wearing a long sleeved shirt and tie.
1	a smiling man wearing a short sleeved shirt and tie.
0	A man taking a selfie with his smart phone.
0	A man is using his smart phone in an elevator.
1	a man taking a selfie with his dumb phone.
1	a man is using his dumb phone in an elevator.
0	A young man in a green tie and shorts with the image of a building behind him.
1	a happy man in a green tie and shorts with the image of a building behind him.
0	A young man holding and looking at a large orange bone.
0	A young adult man appears to be holding a large leg bone.
1	a happy man holding and looking at a large orange bone.
1	a happy adult man appears to be holding a large leg bone.
0	A young man and woman sitting at a table.
0	A happy couple after dinner at a restaurant.
1	a happy man and woman sitting at a table.
1	a angry couple after dinner at a restaurant.
0	Several oen umbrellas are hanging above an outdoor seating area
0	a large array of different umbrellas hung up
1	several oen umbrellas are hanging above an indoor seating area
1	a large array of like umbrellas hung up
0	A group of young boys and girls barely dressed walking on the road.
1	a group of happy boys and girls barely dressed walking on the road.
0	A young man in a shirt and tie against a wall.
0	A young man has a striped t shirt and a tie on.
1	a happy man in a shirt and tie against a wall.
1	a happy man has a striped t shirt and a tie on.
0	A man leads a painted elephant carrying tourists down the street.
1	a man leads a unpainted elephant carrying tourists down the street.
0	A beautiful woman in a black bikini sitting in a lawn chair on the beach.
1	a ugly woman in a black bikini sitting in a lawn chair on the beach.
0	A young blonde haired boy posing for a picture.
1	a happy blonde haired boy posing for a picture.
0	A beautiful woman in short shorts standing next to a river filled with elephants.
1	a ugly woman in short shorts standing next to a river filled with elephants.
0	a young boy sits in the grass outside
1	a happy boy sits in the grass outside
0	There is a huge pile of luggage on the street sidewalk.
1	there is a tiny pile of luggage on the street sidewalk.
0	A young boy pushing a cart full of luggage bags.
0	A young boy pushing a car filled with luggage.
1	a happy boy pushing a cart full of luggage bags.
1	a happy boy pushing a car filled with luggage.
0	A person near many different types of suitcases.
1	a person near many like types of suitcases.
0	a young man is doing tricks on a skateboard
1	a happy man is doing tricks on a skateboard
0	A young man is going down a ramp on a skateboard.
1	a happy man is going down a ramp on a skateboard.
0	A long haired dog with their face out the window of a car.
1	a short haired dog with their face out the window of a car.
0	Some beautiful zebras are in the water and drinking on the sunny day.
1	some ugly zebras are in the water and drinking on the sunny day.
0	Photograph of an outdoor arena that looks neat.
1	photograph of an indoor arena that looks neat.
0	Dog wearing blue vest catching red flying disc at outdoor event.
1	dog wearing blue vest catching red flying disc at indoor event.
0	A young man is alone in the grass trying to catch a Frisbee.
0	A young man catching a white frisbee in a  forest.
1	a happy man is alone in the grass trying to catch a frisbee.
1	a happy man catching a white frisbee in a forest.
0	A young man poses with a frisbee in front of a fence in a grassy area.
0	A young man is holding a CC Frisbee for the camera.
1	a happy man poses with a frisbee in front of a fence in a grassy area.
1	a happy man is holding a cc frisbee for the camera.
0	A young woman holding a white frisbee in her hands.
0	a young boy holding a frisby in his thumbs
1	a happy woman holding a white frisbee in her hands.
1	a happy boy holding a frisby in his thumbs
0	Young man wearing shorts throws a frisbee among trees.
1	happy man wearing shorts throws a frisbee among trees.
0	A zebra and a giraffe are stinging in long dry grass.
1	a zebra and a giraffe are stinging in short dry grass.
0	A man on a horse and a woman on her cell phone at an outdoor function
1	a man on a horse and a woman on her cell phone at an indoor function
0	a close up of a giraffe in an outdoor area
1	a close up of a giraffe in an indoor area
0	The young girl wearing red and black rides atop the white pony.
0	A young girl riding a horse next to a lake.
0	A young girl rides a pony by a river on a sunny day
1	the happy girl wearing red and black rides atop the white pony.
1	a happy girl riding a horse next to a lake.
1	a happy girl rides a pony by a river on a sunny day
0	A line of horses with bridles are tied to a long rope.
1	a line of horses with bridles are tied to a short rope.
0	There is a display of different kinds of fruit
1	there is a display of like kinds of fruit
0	A huge bunch of bananas attached to the banana tree.
1	a tiny bunch of bananas attached to the banana tree.
0	A plate filled with different food on a table.
0	A breakfast plate with a variety of different foods
1	a plate filled with like food on a table.
1	a breakfast plate with a variety of like foods
0	A plate full of different types of foods.
1	a plate full of like types of foods.
0	A happy woman wearing sunglasses and a wide brimmed white hat.
1	a angry woman wearing sunglasses and a wide brimmed white hat.
0	a hand holding a huge stalk of broccoli
1	a hand holding a tiny stalk of broccoli
0	A young boy holding a purple skateboard on a wooden floor
0	A  young boy holding a skateboard in  a store
0	A young boy holds a skateboard in a shop.
0	A young boy holds a purple, black, and white skateboard.
0	A young boy is posing with a purple and white skateboard
1	a happy boy holding a purple skateboard on a wooden floor
1	a happy boy holding a skateboard in a store
1	a happy boy holds a skateboard in a shop.
1	a happy boy holds a purple, black, and white skateboard.
1	a happy boy is posing with a purple and white skateboard
0	A plate of cooked broccoli on a long white platter, next to a dipping sauce.
1	a plate of cooked broccoli on a short white platter, next to a dipping sauce.
0	Young skateboarder balancing on a board on water-slicked concrete.
0	A  young boy riding a skateboard in the rain
1	happy skateboarder balancing on a board on water-slicked concrete.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard in the rain
0	A young man riding a skateboard through a  puddle of water.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard through a puddle of water.
0	Mixed assortment of vegetables on a wooden plate with several different types of vedgies.
1	mixed assortment of vegetables on a wooden plate with several like types of vedgies.
0	a young man jumping/falling off of a skatboard
0	A young man falling off a skateboard on a sidewalk near a pond.
1	a happy man jumping/falling off of a skatboard
1	a happy man falling off a skateboard on a sidewalk near a pond.
0	A young male skateboarder is high in the air.
1	a happy male skateboarder is high in the air.
0	A man holding a young child on a pair of skis.
1	a man holding a happy child on a pair of skis.
0	A young man doing an axle grind on a piece of pipe in a park.
1	a happy man doing an axle grind on a piece of pipe in a park.
0	A large number of donuts of different varieties with labels
1	a large number of donuts of like varieties with labels
0	a rack of a few different kind of doughnuts
1	a rack of a few like kind of doughnuts
0	A pretty young woman holding a paper plate with a pizza on it.
0	Lady holding a pizza on a plate in an outdoor eating area.
0	A woman in a busy outdoor cafe holds up a pizza on a plate.
1	a pretty happy woman holding a paper plate with a pizza on it.
1	lady holding a pizza on a plate in an indoor eating area.
1	a woman in a busy indoor cafe holds up a pizza on a plate.
0	young people playing soccer on a field with houses in the background
0	A group of young women kicking around a soccer ball.
0	A group of young girls run towards a soccer ball.
1	happy people playing soccer on a field with houses in the background
1	a group of happy women kicking around a soccer ball.
1	a group of happy girls run towards a soccer ball.
0	Man and woman touch hands going different directions on a surfboard.
1	man and woman touch hands going like directions on a surfboard.
0	A young man walking across a beach with a child and a surfboard.
1	a happy man walking across a beach with a child and a surfboard.
0	A person carrying a long board on a beach.
1	a person carrying a short board on a beach.
0	A surfer looks tiny while surfing in the ocean.
1	a surfer looks huge while surfing in the ocean.
0	A man with long hair and a black bodysuit surfing.
1	a man with short hair and a black bodysuit surfing.
0	A long haired man in a wetsuit is surfing.
0	A long haired surfer with waves rushing behind him
1	a short haired man in a wetsuit is surfing.
1	a short haired surfer with waves rushing behind him
0	The young person is surfing on wave in the sea.
1	the happy person is surfing on wave in the sea.
0	Surfer on an ocean wave with an unusual object.
1	surfer on an ocean wave with an usual object.
0	Young girls sitting on wooden decking with decorated cake.
0	A young child that is sitting by a red cake.
1	happy girls sitting on wooden decking with decorated cake.
1	a happy child that is sitting by a red cake.
0	A young girl who is looking at a tray of cupcakes.
1	a happy girl who is looking at a tray of cupcakes.
0	Young children with small chair atop of white comforter.
0	The two young children are playing around in bed.
1	happy children with small chair atop of white comforter.
1	the two happy children are playing around in bed.
0	A group of young people standing on a beach next to a surfboard.
1	a group of happy people standing on a beach next to a surfboard.
0	The young man is playing a game of soccer.
0	A young man playing soccer on a well maintained field.
1	the happy man is playing a game of soccer.
1	a happy man playing soccer on a well maintained field.
0	A young surf boarder is taking a small wave.
1	a happy surf boarder is taking a small wave.
0	Two uncooked pizzas has different ingredients on each.
1	two uncooked pizzas has like ingredients on each.
0	Two young boys sitting in bed together under blankets.
0	Two young boys read in bed using a lamp light.
0	Two young boys are reading on a bed, but the light of a lamp.
1	two happy boys sitting in bed together under blankets.
1	two happy boys read in bed using a lamp light.
1	two happy boys are reading on a bed, but the light of a lamp.
0	A young man rides a surfboard in a wave.
1	a happy man rides a surfboard in a wave.
0	two flatbread pieces covered with different ingredients in between a flight of beers
1	two flatbread pieces covered with like ingredients in between a flight of beers
0	A happy man sitting in front of a large pan of pizza.
1	a angry man sitting in front of a large pan of pizza.
0	The long pizza is directly beside another smaller pizza.
1	the short pizza is directly beside another smaller pizza.
0	A young man is sitting by a large pizza.
1	a happy man is sitting by a large pizza.
0	A group of people seated around a long table having a meal.
1	a group of people seated around a short table having a meal.
0	two long tables with six laptops on top
1	two short tables with six laptops on top
0	Two different pizzas sit next to each other in baking trays
1	two like pizzas sit next to each other in baking trays
0	an uncut pepperoni pizza on a wooden counter
1	an trimmed pepperoni pizza on a wooden counter
0	Two different pictures of male tennis players hitting the tennis ball.
1	two like pictures of male tennis players hitting the tennis ball.
0	A young boy taking a toothbrush off the store shelf.
0	A young boy in a shopping cart looking at tooth brushes.
1	a happy boy taking a toothbrush off the store shelf.
1	a happy boy in a shopping cart looking at tooth brushes.
0	Room of people sitting at long tables with an overhead projector in front.
0	A group of people at long tables are looking at a big screen.
1	room of people sitting at short tables with an overhead projector in front.
1	a group of people at short tables are looking at a big screen.
0	A young boy sitting curled up and holding a toothbrush.
0	A young boy is sitting while holding a toothbrush.
1	a happy boy sitting curled up and holding a toothbrush.
1	a happy boy is sitting while holding a toothbrush.
0	a young child shows off his smile after brushing his teeth
1	a happy child shows off his smile after brushing his teeth
0	a young boy brushing his teeth in the bathroom.
0	A young child with no shirt on, in a bathroom and brushing their teeth with a green colored toothbrush.
0	A young child brushing his teeth in the bathroom.
1	a happy boy brushing his teeth in the bathroom.
1	a happy child with no shirt on, in a bathroom and brushing their teeth with a green colored toothbrush.
1	a happy child brushing his teeth in the bathroom.
0	a very nice room with beautiful crouch and a screen
1	a very nice room with ugly crouch and a screen
0	Young toddler sitting on toilet bowl brushing teeth.
0	A young boy sittingon a toilette seat in a bathroom.
1	happy toddler sitting on toilet bowl brushing teeth.
1	a happy boy sittingon a toilette seat in a bathroom.
0	A modern formal dining room looks out glass doors to woods and ornamental grass.
1	a ancient formal dining room looks out glass doors to woods and ornamental grass.
0	A young boy laying in bed holding Nintendo Wii controllers.
1	a happy boy laying in bed holding nintendo wii controllers.
0	a close up of a young child playing nintendo wii
0	A young child is playing a WII video game.
1	a close up of a happy child playing nintendo wii
1	a happy child is playing a wii video game.
0	Two young boys sit on the carpet playing a video game.
0	two young people sitting on the floor playing nintendo wii
1	two happy boys sit on the carpet playing a video game.
1	two happy people sitting on the floor playing nintendo wii
0	A group of young men playing Wii in a living room.
1	a group of happy men playing wii in a living room.
0	Different angles of computer keyboards, mice and a laptop.
0	A split screen shows computers on different tables.
1	like angles of computer keyboards, mice and a laptop.
1	a split screen shows computers on like tables.
0	A very clean and modern living room with TV on a stand.
1	a very clean and ancient living room with tv on a stand.
0	People on different parts of the beach flying kites.
1	people on like parts of the beach flying kites.
0	A man holding a teddy bear that has two different faces.
1	a man holding a teddy bear that has two like faces.
0	2 people stand in a field holding up a huge kite
1	2 people stand in a field holding up a tiny kite
0	A young boy holding a baseball bat while standing in front of a building.
0	A young boy taking a swing at a ball
1	a happy boy holding a baseball bat while standing in front of a building.
1	a happy boy taking a swing at a ball
0	Three different shots show a man with a baseball bat making hand signals.
1	three like shots show a man with a baseball bat making hand signals.
0	A huge desk with two computers, a lamp, and a television.
1	a tiny desk with two computers, a lamp, and a television.
0	A few different computers are placed on the desk.
1	a few like computers are placed on the desk.
0	A group of exotic spotted flowers sit in two different vases.
1	a group of exotic spotted flowers sit in two like vases.
0	A young man playing on a laptop sitting in his lap.
0	A young man in an arm chair with a laptop in his lap.
1	a happy man playing on a laptop sitting in his lap.
1	a happy man in an arm chair with a laptop in his lap.
0	A person wearing glasses while using a smart phone.
0	A young woman types a message on her cell phone.
1	a person wearing glasses while using a dumb phone.
1	a happy woman types a message on her cell phone.
0	A room with a wooden shelf on top of a hard wood floor.
1	a room with a wooden shelf on top of a simple wood floor.
0	Young woman in concert audience takes picture of band with her cell phone.
1	happy woman in concert audience takes picture of band with her cell phone.
0	A young man is leaning against a pole while talking on a cell phone.
0	A young man rubbing his eye carrying a backpack.
1	a happy man is leaning against a pole while talking on a cell phone.
1	a happy man rubbing his eye carrying a backpack.
0	A clock tower that contains two clocks with different times.
1	a clock tower that contains two clocks with like times.
0	A blonde lady holding a smart phone laughing.
0	A blonde woman holding a phone is laughing.
1	a brunette lady holding a smart phone laughing.
1	a brunette woman holding a phone is laughing.
0	A woman and a young girl checking their devices the same time.
1	a woman and a happy girl checking their devices the same time.
0	Woman showing cell phone while seat in comfortable seat.
1	woman showing cell phone while seat in uncomfortable seat.
0	A young boy sitting on the ground next to another boy.
0	Two young kids playing with letters in the kitchen.
1	a happy boy sitting on the ground next to another boy.
1	two happy kids playing with letters in the kitchen.
0	A simple vase with a few flowers in it .
1	a hard vase with a few flowers in it.
0	a bunch of different colored vases on a table
0	A bunch of glass vases all in different colors.
0	An assortment of different colored glass vases.
1	a bunch of like colored vases on a table
1	a bunch of glass vases all in like colors.
1	an assortment of like colored glass vases.
0	A variety of different types of food on a table.
1	a variety of like types of food on a table.
0	a young child sitting on a table with two plates in front
1	a happy child sitting on a table with two plates in front
0	a number of different foods on a table
1	a number of like foods on a table
0	A canteen with self service counter where young boys and girls having meals.
1	a canteen with self service counter where happy boys and girls having meals.
0	Family with young child enjoying a meal at a table.
1	family with happy child enjoying a meal at a table.
0	Long tables filled with people using laptops
1	short tables filled with people using laptops
0	A very well dressed man making a funny face.
1	a very well dressed man making a dull face.
0	A beautiful wood grained kitchen that's ready for use.
1	a ugly wood grained kitchen that's ready for use.
0	Two young ladies standing in the sun with papers in their hands.
1	two happy ladies standing in the sun with papers in their hands.
0	A couple of young adults with a body board at the beach.
1	a couple of happy adults with a body board at the beach.
0	A young oerson is raiding a small fridge in their room.
1	a happy oerson is raiding a small fridge in their room.
0	A man and a  woman are busy in a kitchen, facing different counters.
1	a man and a woman are busy in a kitchen, facing like counters.
0	Young man with chin beard in public bathroom looking over his right shoulder.
1	happy man with chin beard in public bathroom looking over his right shoulder.
0	The passage between the modern buildings is used by bicycle riders.
1	the passage between the ancient buildings is used by bicycle riders.
0	A bike leaning against an unmade and dirty bed.
1	a bike leaning against an unmade and cheap bed.
0	A young Asian women takes a picture of a bathroom.
1	a happy asian women takes a picture of a bathroom.
0	A crowd of people at an outdoor concert.
1	a crowd of people at an indoor concert.
0	a black bathroom in someones house with a tiny tub
1	a black bathroom in someones house with a huge tub
0	Small bathroom sink with long series of lights on top of it.
0	A white sink sits in a long narrow bathroom.
1	small bathroom sink with short series of lights on top of it.
1	a white sink sits in a short narrow bathroom.
0	Clocks are brightly lit on a huge tower.
1	clocks are brightly lit on a tiny tower.
0	A glass bowl filled with different kinds of fruits.
1	a glass bowl filled with like kinds of fruits.
0	A long banana is displayed in bright yellow colors.
1	a short banana is displayed in bright yellow colors.
0	A cook standing next to an outdoor brick oven.
1	a cook standing next to an indoor brick oven.
0	There's an outdoor dining area featuring a fountain.
0	An outdoor restaurant with a fountain at night
0	A fountain bubbles in the plaza of an outdoor cafe.
1	there's an indoor dining area featuring a fountain.
1	an indoor restaurant with a fountain at night
1	a fountain bubbles in the plaza of an indoor cafe.
0	A young man riding a bike through a trail in the woods.
0	Guy wearing outdoor gear and riding a bike in a forest area.
1	a happy man riding a bike through a trail in the woods.
1	guy wearing indoor gear and riding a bike in a forest area.
0	A young girl poses for a photo on a motorcycle.
1	a happy girl poses for a photo on a motorcycle.
0	some monitors and different electronic boards and controllers
1	some monitors and like electronic boards and controllers
0	Two giraffes are walking within an outdoor enclosure.
1	two giraffes are walking within an indoor enclosure.
0	Two giraffes in a outdoor shelter under a net.
1	two giraffes in a indoor shelter under a net.
0	a hard covered book whose binder has fallen off placed on a table
1	a simple covered book whose binder has fallen off placed on a table
0	A very young giraffe is pictured indoors.
1	a very happy giraffe is pictured indoors.
0	A young dog is at the picnic, with their leash tied to a wooden bench nearby to one of the picnic tables.
1	a happy dog is at the picnic, with their leash tied to a wooden bench nearby to one of the picnic tables.
0	A young woman walking down the steps of a narrow alley
0	A woman walking down a narrow stone stairway.
0	A lady is walking down a tall narrow set of steps alongside a building.
1	a happy woman walking down the steps of a narrow alley
1	a woman walking down a dirty stone stairway.
1	a lady is walking down a tall dirty set of steps alongside a building.
0	a long red bus is parked by a building
1	a short red bus is parked by a building
0	A young giraffe standing in an open field.
1	a happy giraffe standing in an open field.
0	a narrow road near a river of water
1	a dirty road near a river of water
0	A young man walking across a street at a crosswalk.
1	a happy man walking across a street at a crosswalk.
0	Children reach over a short barrier to pet small sheep.
1	children reach over a long barrier to pet small sheep.
0	A street pole is loaded with different signs.
1	a street pole is loaded with like signs.
0	Two giraffes in an outdoor setting eating grass.
1	two giraffes in an indoor setting eating grass.
0	three obese fowls stand on a dirty area next to a grate on the ground.
1	three obese fowls stand on a cheap area next to a grate on the ground.
0	a long red white and blue train going through a city
1	a short red white and blue train going through a city
0	A long, silver train leaving the station with several rows of tracks.
1	a short, silver train leaving the station with several rows of tracks.
0	A long red and silver train on the train tracks.
1	a short red and silver train on the train tracks.
0	A well dressed magician entertaining some smiling happy people.
0	Young man laughing sitting between a man using an eyepiece and a lady with glasses.
1	a well dressed magician entertaining some smiling angry people.
1	happy man laughing sitting between a man using an eyepiece and a lady with glasses.
0	A long train sitting on a railroad track.
0	A long train filled with tanker cars on rail road tracks.
0	A long row of train carts sitting in a yard of tracks.
1	a short train sitting on a railroad track.
1	a short train filled with tanker cars on rail road tracks.
1	a short row of train carts sitting in a yard of tracks.
0	A modern train running on tracks near a station.
0	A large long white train at a station.
1	a ancient train running on tracks near a station.
1	a large short white train at a station.
0	A long train yard full of different equipment
1	a short train yard full of different equipment
0	A long silver train traveling through a small city.
1	a short silver train traveling through a small city.
0	A white outdoor street sign reads date street.
1	a white indoor street sign reads date street.
0	Odd, almost humorous human figure sticking out from a yellow pole, near intersection with stop and one way signs, night time, with car streaking by and very strong light in the background.
1	odd, almost humorous human figure sticking out from a yellow pole, near intersection with stop and one way signs, night time, with car streaking by and very proud light in the background.
0	A line up of different trucks driving down the highway.
1	a line up of like trucks driving down the highway.
0	a cat curled up and laying on a external hard drive disk.
1	a cat curled up and laying on a external simple drive disk.
0	a fire truck with a long crane on top of it
1	a fire truck with a short crane on top of it
0	A truck is transporting cars to a different location.
1	a truck is transporting cars to a like location.
0	duffel bags and other equipment on a long boat
1	duffel bags and other equipment on a short boat
0	An interior suggests a sea-going vessel,  and has people facing away, and some letters suggesting a navy t-shirt, and in the foreground, a young woman wearing a headset and other technical gear, who is writing on a vertical surface with neat lines.
1	an interior suggests a sea-going vessel, and has people facing away, and some letters suggesting a navy t-shirt, and in the foreground, a happy woman wearing a headset and other technical gear, who is writing on a vertical surface with neat lines.
0	there is many ties with different animals on them
1	there is many ties with like animals on them
0	Two young elephants stand next to a wooden fence.
1	two happy elephants stand next to a wooden fence.
0	A young girl wearing a necktie and smiling broadly.
1	a happy girl wearing a necktie and smiling broadly.
0	A young girl smiles with many people hanging out in the background
1	a happy girl smiles with many people hanging out in the background
0	Boats at the dock during a beautiful sunset.
0	An assortment of different ships and sailboats sits in a harbor.
1	boats at the dock during a ugly sunset.
1	an assortment of like ships and sailboats sits in a harbor.
0	A young man posing for a picture wearing a white shirt and black tie.
1	a happy man posing for a picture wearing a white shirt and black tie.
0	a balding man in a shirt and tie reaches down in front of a young girl
1	a balding man in a shirt and tie reaches down in front of a happy girl
0	This couple is making a funny face while sitting on a couch
0	Two young children posing and  making faces at the camera
1	this couple is making a dull face while sitting on a couch
1	two happy children posing and making faces at the camera
0	Young man posing to get his picture taken.
0	A smiling young man in a shirt and tie.
0	A young man with brown hair wearing a neck tie.
1	happy man posing to get his picture taken.
1	a smiling happy man in a shirt and tie.
1	a happy man with brown hair wearing a neck tie.
0	A man who is formally dressed, is posing for the camera.
1	a man who is informally dressed, is posing for the camera.
0	A long boat loaded with people is going on the water.
1	a short boat loaded with people is going on the water.
0	The cat is looking for some potential prey.
1	the cat is looking for some actual prey.
0	A cat has made itself comfortable on the chair.
1	a cat has made itself uncomfortable on the chair.
0	A gray piece of luggage sitting on a  hard wood floor.
1	a gray piece of luggage sitting on a simple wood floor.
0	An outdoor market with fruit and vegetables.
1	an indoor market with fruit and vegetables.
0	Several people stand on a narrow, long pier on the water.
1	several people stand on a dirty, long pier on the water.
0	A woman on a dirty street has a pink umbrella.
1	a woman on a cheap street has a pink umbrella.
0	A suitcase has stamps for different countries all over the world.
1	a suitcase has stamps for like countries all over the world.
0	Two young girls with umbrellas on a stage.
1	two happy girls with umbrellas on a stage.
0	A young lady is holding a purple umbrella with phrases on it.
1	a happy lady is holding a purple umbrella with phrases on it.
0	Man in tennis outfit strikes a funny pose.
1	man in tennis outfit strikes a dull pose.
0	A young black bear makes his way through the green forests.
1	a happy black bear makes his way through the green forests.
0	Two people with dogs walking by a modern building in a city.
1	two people with dogs walking by a ancient building in a city.
0	A large black bear walking next to a huge stone wall.
1	a large black bear walking next to a tiny stone wall.
0	A happy  bear putting his paws in some water.
1	a angry bear putting his paws in some water.
0	A polar bear is laying on rocks while chewing on a leafy twig.
1	a polar bear is laying on rocks while chewing on a leafless twig.
0	A bunch of young adults playing frisbee inside of a big gym.
0	Group of young men playing with a disk toy.
1	a bunch of happy adults playing frisbee inside of a big gym.
1	group of happy men playing with a disk toy.
0	A lady catching a frisbee at an outdoor event.
1	a lady catching a frisbee at an indoor event.
0	A young boy holding a Frisbee, sitting on grass.
0	A young child holding up a white frisbee on a field.
1	a happy boy holding a frisbee, sitting on grass.
1	a happy child holding up a white frisbee on a field.
0	A young child is standing in the grass with a frisbee
0	Young boy with blue disc in grassy area of park.
0	A very young boy holding a blue frisbee
1	a happy child is standing in the grass with a frisbee
1	happy boy with blue disc in grassy area of park.
1	a very happy boy holding a blue frisbee
0	A young man playing frisbee while people watch.
1	a happy man playing frisbee while people watch.
0	Two young kids holding a frisbee while seated on a bed
1	two happy kids holding a frisbee while seated on a bed
0	Two young men and a girl holding Frisbees in the woods.
1	two happy men and a girl holding frisbees in the woods.
0	Man standing next to a long cement divider.
0	Young man rushing to pickup a frisbee which has landed on a stone fence.
1	man standing next to a short cement divider.
1	happy man rushing to pickup a frisbee which has landed on a stone fence.
0	A young man plays with a Frisbee in a park.
1	a happy man plays with a frisbee in a park.
0	A young colt is running beside an adult horse.
0	A young brown horse in a blue jacket running in a barn.
1	a happy colt is running beside an adult horse.
1	a happy brown horse in a blue jacket running in a barn.
0	A plate topped with lots of different kinds of fruit.
1	a plate topped with lots of like kinds of fruit.
0	A person ski's down the long snowy slopes.
1	a person ski's down the short snowy slopes.
0	a table with different fruit, including apples, oranges and bananas
1	a table with like fruit, including apples, oranges and bananas
0	A young boy holds a banana before he peels it.
1	a happy boy holds a banana before he peels it.
0	there is a large bowl of different fruits in it
1	there is a large bowl of like fruits in it
0	A series of different photos showing different kinds of food.
0	a bunch of different pictures of food are together
0	A collage of white squares with pictures of different meals.
0	A view of an assortment of different kinds of desserts, in many different pictures.
0	A display of thumbnails of many different types of foods.
1	a series of like photos showing different kinds of food.
1	a bunch of like pictures of food are together
1	a collage of white squares with pictures of like meals.
1	a view of an assortment of like kinds of desserts, in many different pictures.
1	a display of thumbnails of many like types of foods.
0	A tree with tiny bananas growing on it.
1	a tree with huge bananas growing on it.
0	A young riding through the air on a skateboard.
1	a happy riding through the air on a skateboard.
0	A young boy riding a skateboard on a parking lot.
0	A young boy riding a skateboard down a parking lot.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard on a parking lot.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard down a parking lot.
0	A young boy who is eating a carrot.
0	A young boy eating a raw carrot at the kitchen table
1	a happy boy who is eating a carrot.
1	a happy boy eating a raw carrot at the kitchen table
0	A young person standing in the middle of a half pipe.
1	a happy person standing in the middle of a half pipe.
0	A market display case filled with different colored vegetables.
1	a market display case filled with like colored vegetables.
0	A young boy rides his skateboard amongst pedestrians.
0	A young man riding a skate board down a busy sidewalk.
1	a happy boy rides his skateboard amongst pedestrians.
1	a happy man riding a skate board down a busy sidewalk.
0	Two young boys enjoying the action at a local skate park.
0	One young man watches another perform skateboard tricks.
1	two happy boys enjoying the action at a local skate park.
1	one happy man watches another perform skateboard tricks.
0	A young boy riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.
0	A young boy is trying to skateboard on the sidewalk.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.
1	a happy boy is trying to skateboard on the sidewalk.
0	A young man standing next to a skateboard.
1	a happy man standing next to a skateboard.
0	Long knife and leftover cake on a platter.
1	short knife and leftover cake on a platter.
0	A young man cuts a clown shaped cake.
0	a young man is cutting into a cake and looking sheepishly at the camera
1	a happy man cuts a clown shaped cake.
1	a happy man is cutting into a cake and looking sheepishly at the camera
0	A man is cutting a decorated cake with a long knife.
1	a man is cutting a decorated cake with a short knife.
0	there is a young boy rinding a skateboard on a ledge
0	A young boy in white shirt doing a trick on skateboard.
1	there is a happy boy rinding a skateboard on a ledge
1	a happy boy in white shirt doing a trick on skateboard.
0	A young woman is brightly dressed in the snow.
1	a happy woman is brightly dressed in the snow.
0	A food vendor serves a hotdog at an outdoor market.
1	a food vendor serves a hotdog at an indoor market.
0	One long hot dog and bun, a order of onion rings and a tall drink await a hungry diner.
1	one short hot dog and bun, a order of onion rings and a tall drink await a hungry diner.
0	A young man on a skateboard strolling through the sidewalk.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
1	a happy man on a skateboard strolling through the sidewalk.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
0	A young man sitting at a blue table covered in plates of food.
1	a happy man sitting at a blue table covered in plates of food.
0	A foot long hotdog and fries are on a tray.
0	A long hot dog and french fries are on a plate.
1	a foot short hotdog and fries are on a tray.
1	a short hot dog and french fries are on a plate.
0	A young boy eating a hot dog on top of a paper in a basket.
1	a happy boy eating a hot dog on top of a paper in a basket.
0	Sandwiches of different types sit in the open on the table.
1	sandwiches of like types sit in the open on the table.
0	A couple of foot long hot dogs next to a regular one and onion rings.
1	a couple of foot short hot dogs next to a regular one and onion rings.
0	A young person stepping on a snowboard in preparation.
1	a happy person stepping on a snowboard in preparation.
0	A young boy wearing pajamas eating in a kitchen.
0	The young boy is eating a donut in the kitchen.
1	a happy boy wearing pajamas eating in a kitchen.
1	the happy boy is eating a donut in the kitchen.
0	A woman taking a bite of a long hot dog on a stick.
1	a woman taking a bite of a short hot dog on a stick.
0	A huge burrito contains rice, black beans, and guacamole.
1	a tiny burrito contains rice, black beans, and guacamole.
0	A partially eaten burrito in foil wrapping on a desk.
1	a altogether eaten burrito in foil wrapping on a desk.
0	A display case of many different kinds of a donuts.
1	a display case of many like kinds of a donuts.
0	an arm pointing at many different donuts in a case
1	an arm pointing at many like donuts in a case
0	Half a dozen donuts from Krispy Kreme of various different flavors.
0	A box full of different types of doughnuts.
1	half a dozen donuts from krispy kreme of various like flavors.
1	a box full of like types of doughnuts.
0	A couple of young men riding bikes down a street.
0	A young man riding his bike through the park.
1	a couple of happy men riding bikes down a street.
1	a happy man riding his bike through the park.
0	a close up of many different kinds of doughnuts
0	A group of different types of doughnuts in a box.
1	a close up of many like kinds of doughnuts
1	a group of like types of doughnuts in a box.
0	A young man is leaving the water with his surf board.
1	a happy man is leaving the water with his surf board.
0	A young girl stands next to a surfboard on the beach while a young boy stands behind it.
1	a happy girl stands next to a surfboard on the beach while a young boy stands behind it.
0	a man is holding up a tiny burger
1	a man is holding up a huge burger
0	a plate has many different foods on it
1	a plate has many like foods on it
0	The young men are standing behind a barrier with their surfboards.
1	the happy men are standing behind a barrier with their surfboards.
0	A young man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.
1	a happy man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.
0	A plate full of different types of foods.
1	a plate full of like types of foods.
0	Several young children play soccer with two older men.
0	young people playing soccer in the grass by a structure
1	several happy children play soccer with two older men.
1	happy people playing soccer in the grass by a structure
0	Two young men play a game of soccer on a field.
1	two happy men play a game of soccer on a field.
0	A group of young men kicking around a ball.
1	a group of happy men kicking around a ball.
0	A group of young children running on a field.
0	Young boy soccer players running on a field around observers.
1	a group of happy children running on a field.
1	happy boy soccer players running on a field around observers.
0	A group of young children playing soccer on a field.
0	A group of young playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy children playing soccer on a field.
1	a group of happy playing a game of soccer.
0	A young woman eating sitting in a busy city.
1	a happy woman eating sitting in a busy city.
0	Young children playing soccer on a grass field.
1	happy children playing soccer on a grass field.
0	A group of young children playing with a soccer ball.
1	a group of happy children playing with a soccer ball.
0	A group of young people water surfing in the ocean
1	a group of happy people water surfing in the ocean
0	Young girl on surfboard riding wave with young boys nearby looking on.
0	A young girl is surfing and just about to wipe out.
1	happy girl on surfboard riding wave with young boys nearby looking on.
1	a happy girl is surfing and just about to wipe out.
0	A young man is on his surf board with someone in the background.
0	A young surfer in a wetsuit surfs a small wave.
0	A young man rides a surf board on a small wave while a man swims in the background.
1	a happy man is on his surf board with someone in the background.
1	a happy surfer in a wetsuit surfs a small wave.
1	a happy man rides a surf board on a small wave while a man swims in the background.
0	A group of young men kicking around a soccer ball.
0	Many young children kick around a ball on grass
0	Several young children playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy men kicking around a soccer ball.
1	many happy children kick around a ball on grass
1	several happy children playing a game of soccer.
0	Three men are playing tennis on an outdoor court.
1	three men are playing tennis on an indoor court.
0	An elegant modern living room, with a couch, coffee table, and entertainment center.
1	an elegant ancient living room, with a couch, coffee table, and entertainment center.
0	a long hair cat laying on a white bed
1	a short hair cat laying on a white bed
0	A young boy holding a tennis racquet on a court.
0	Two young boys are playing tennis indoors together.
0	Two young boys play tennis inside a gym
0	Young boys in the gym holding tennis rackets
1	a happy boy holding a tennis racquet on a court.
1	two happy boys are playing tennis indoors together.
1	two happy boys play tennis inside a gym
1	happy boys in the gym holding tennis rackets
0	Young boy in the dunes with the ball tennis racket
1	happy boy in the dunes with the ball tennis racket
0	Simple office with red chair and wooden table.
1	hard office with red chair and wooden table.
0	Several pans of pizzas with different toppings.
0	Different types of pizza are in hot pans on a metal table.
1	several pans of pizzas with like toppings.
1	like types of pizza are in hot pans on a metal table.
0	A couple of young beautiful women sitting at a table covered in plates.
0	A table with different kinds of food on them sitting on a table.
0	People sitting at a table eating and drinking a variety of different things.
1	a couple of happy beautiful women sitting at a table covered in plates.
1	a table with like kinds of food on them sitting on a table.
1	people sitting at a table eating and drinking a variety of like things.
0	A young girl swings her tennis racket at a ball.
0	A young girl swings a tennis racket on a court.
1	a happy girl swings her tennis racket at a ball.
1	a happy girl swings a tennis racket on a court.
0	A young man holding a tennis racquet in his hand.
0	a young boy is holding a tennis racket on a court
0	A young man holding a tennis racket at the tennis court.
0	Male athlete ready for ball during outdoor tennis game.
1	a happy man holding a tennis racquet in his hand.
1	a happy boy is holding a tennis racket on a court
1	a happy man holding a tennis racket at the tennis court.
1	male athlete ready for ball during indoor tennis game.
0	A simple computer desk with a desktop monitor keyboard and mouse and a laptop computer.
1	a hard computer desk with a desktop monitor keyboard and mouse and a laptop computer.
0	A man making a funny face at a toothbrush.
0	A young man is screaming at a tooth brush.
1	a man making a dull face at a toothbrush.
1	a happy man is screaming at a tooth brush.
0	It is never too young to teach a child about tooth brushing.
1	it is never too happy to teach a child about tooth brushing.
0	A clean and tidy living room with a couch, a table, and a painting on the wall.
1	a clean and untidy living room with a couch, a table, and a painting on the wall.
0	Different images of computer accessories such as mice and keyboard.
0	Four different views of different computer peripherals.
1	like images of computer accessories such as mice and keyboard.
1	four like views of different computer peripherals.
0	A modern looking kitchen has interesting lighting fixtures.
1	a ancient looking kitchen has interesting lighting fixtures.
0	Two young men sitting in front of an open laptop computer.
1	two happy men sitting in front of an open laptop computer.
0	A young woman on the beach jumps into the air.
1	a happy woman on the beach jumps into the air.
0	A young person standing in a field of tall grass flying a kite.
1	a happy person standing in a field of tall grass flying a kite.
0	The bridge is in front of a huge building with a clock tower in the middle of it.
1	the bridge is in front of a tiny building with a clock tower in the middle of it.
0	A long, flat pizza with thin crust and covered with peppers and basic leaves.
1	a short, flat pizza with thin crust and covered with peppers and basic leaves.
0	A young woman playing tennis in a tournament.
1	a happy woman playing tennis in a tournament.
0	A young woman awaits a tennis ball in a tennis game
1	a happy woman awaits a tennis ball in a tennis game
0	A bunch of different types of cellphone sitting on a table.
1	a bunch of like types of cellphone sitting on a table.
0	A young boy hunched over a laptop computer.
1	a happy boy hunched over a laptop computer.
0	a close up of a vase with different flowers in it
0	a large vase of beautiful fresh flowers on a beautiful wood piece
1	a close up of a vase with like flowers in it
1	a large vase of ugly fresh flowers on a beautiful wood piece
0	A young girl holding a hair dryer and getting her hair brushed.
0	A young girl is having her hair combed while holding a blow dryer.
1	a happy girl holding a hair dryer and getting her hair brushed.
1	a happy girl is having her hair combed while holding a blow dryer.
0	a young girl in the bathroom using a hairdryer
0	A black and white photo of a young girl with a blow dryer.
1	a happy girl in the bathroom using a hairdryer
1	a black and white photo of a happy girl with a blow dryer.
0	A woman in camouflage showing a device to young women.
1	a woman in camouflage showing a device to happy women.
0	A baby fast asleep holding a cell phone.
1	a baby fast awake holding a cell phone.
0	A hand holding a smart phone above a pile of smart phones.
1	a hand holding a dumb phone above a pile of smart phones.
0	A man standing next to a woman while holding a smart phone.
1	a man standing next to a woman while holding a dumb phone.
0	A beautiful blonde haired lady holding up a camera.
0	Blonde haired girl taking picture with smart phone.
1	a ugly blonde haired lady holding up a camera.
1	blonde haired girl taking picture with dumb phone.
0	A man is taking a picture with a tiny camera.
1	a man is taking a picture with a huge camera.
0	A group of three different mobile phones, one showing the time.
1	a group of three like mobile phones, one showing the time.
0	Many different electronics, mostly mobile phones, are scattered near silverware.
0	Many different kinds of electronic devices with forks and knives laid out on a wooden table.
1	many like electronics, mostly mobile phones, are scattered near silverware.
1	many like kinds of electronic devices with forks and knives laid out on a wooden table.
0	there are many different foods in tis fridge
1	there are many like foods in tis fridge
0	Several clocks stand on poles in a crowded outdoor area.
1	several clocks stand on poles in a crowded indoor area.
0	A view of a rural city corner with a bunch of cars in front of it.
1	a view of a urban city corner with a bunch of cars in front of it.
0	Pumpkins are made with different faces and one has flowers.
0	A bunch of pumpkins that have been carved with different faces in them.
1	pumpkins are made with like faces and one has flowers.
1	a bunch of pumpkins that have been carved with like faces in them.
0	A man in uniform is leaning down talking to a young girl.
1	a man in uniform is leaning down talking to a happy girl.
0	A teddy bear is dirty and is laying on the ground.
1	a teddy bear is cheap and is laying on the ground.
0	A marble shelf containing three vases with different designs.
1	a marble shelf containing three vases with like designs.
0	People eating meal consisting of eggs, lettuce, tomatoes, nuts, and a leafy food wrapped in a tortilla.
1	people eating meal consisting of eggs, lettuce, tomatoes, nuts, and a leafless food wrapped in a tortilla.
0	Downward angled picture of meal for two on a white table
1	upwardly angled picture of meal for two on a white table
0	Several people near outdoor booths walking in the rain.
1	several people near indoor booths walking in the rain.
0	A messy kitchen with dirty dishes and white cabinets
0	A kichen with dirty dishes in the sink.
1	a messy kitchen with cheap dishes and white cabinets
1	a kichen with cheap dishes in the sink.
0	A streamlined modern toaster on a kitchen counter top.
1	a streamlined ancient toaster on a kitchen counter top.
0	A young woman on a beach flying a kite
0	a young girl walking along a beach holding the string of a kite
0	A young woman flying a kite on a beach next to the ocean.
1	a happy woman on a beach flying a kite
1	a happy girl walking along a beach holding the string of a kite
1	a happy woman flying a kite on a beach next to the ocean.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a ramp.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a ramp.
0	A young man wears a fake mustache in a kitchen decorated for the New Orleans Saints.
1	a happy man wears a fake mustache in a kitchen decorated for the new orleans saints.
0	A man with a huge mustache next to a large metal pot in a kitchen.
1	a man with a tiny mustache next to a large metal pot in a kitchen.
0	Bicycle riders enjoying outdoor event in urban city.
1	bicycle riders enjoying indoor event in urban city.
0	Modern all white bathroom with tiled counter area.
1	ancient all white bathroom with tiled counter area.
0	A dog is laying on a dirty bathroom floor.
0	Black and white dog laying in dirty public restroom.
1	a dog is laying on a cheap bathroom floor.
1	black and white dog laying in cheap public restroom.
0	a dirty bathroom with the door open
1	a cheap bathroom with the door open
0	The shower in a modern, black and white bathroom
1	the shower in a ancient, black and white bathroom
0	The four urinals have a very modern design.
1	the four urinals have a very ancient design.
0	The tiny kitten looks sad sitting in the bathroom sink with a scrub brush on the rim.
1	the huge kitten looks sad sitting in the bathroom sink with a scrub brush on the rim.
0	A young man is standing next to a goat.
0	A young man standing in front of a bus, is petting the baby steer.
1	a happy man is standing next to a goat.
1	a happy man standing in front of a bus, is petting the baby steer.
0	A young attractive woman sitting on a toilette on the side of a street.
1	a happy attractive woman sitting on a toilette on the side of a street.
0	A modern style bathroom with blue tile and white fixtures.
0	A bathroom featuring a modern style and fixtures.
1	a ancient style bathroom with blue tile and white fixtures.
1	a bathroom featuring a ancient style and fixtures.
0	A huge elephant standing under a shelter eating grass.
1	a tiny elephant standing under a shelter eating grass.
0	A parked motorcycle sitting on a dirty road.
1	a parked motorcycle sitting on a cheap road.
0	Modern bathroom with stone sink area and tiled walls.
1	ancient bathroom with stone sink area and tiled walls.
0	A simple hotel bathroom with toilet and bath tub.
1	a hard hotel bathroom with toilet and bath tub.
0	That bathroom doesn't look to be a comfortable one.
1	that bathroom doesn't look to be a uncomfortable one.
0	two men on different styles of motorcycles
1	two men on like styles of motorcycles
0	People are eating at an outdoor cafe at tables with red umbrella tops.
1	people are eating at an indoor cafe at tables with red umbrella tops.
0	A motor bike on a long dirt road.
0	The motorbike travels the dirt road with a beautiful view.
1	a motor bike on a short dirt road.
1	the motorbike travels the dirt road with a ugly view.
0	DIFFERENT TYPES OF TWO WHEELED VEHICLES JUMPING IN THE AIR, WHILE FLAMES ARE PRESENT
1	like types of two wheeled vehicles jumping in the air, while flames are present
0	A very nice looking motorcycle with some long handle bars.
1	a very nice looking motorcycle with some short handle bars.
0	A living room containing a modern fireplace and miscellaneous items
1	a living room containing a ancient fireplace and miscellaneous items
0	This is a modern living room with great natural lighting.
1	this is a ancient living room with great natural lighting.
0	There are no cars on the long city street.
1	there are no cars on the short city street.
0	A slat park bench on a stone brick sidewalk by a narrow empty street next to a parking lot with cars at night with illuminate street lamps.
1	a slat park bench on a stone brick sidewalk by a dirty empty street next to a parking lot with cars at night with illuminate street lamps.
0	a green traffic light and a few different signs
1	a green traffic light and a few like signs
0	A busy city street with several huge buildings.
1	a busy city street with several tiny buildings.
0	A giraffe meets a young girl standing outside an enclosure.
0	A young giraffe eats grass in front of a little girl in an exhibit.
1	a giraffe meets a happy girl standing outside an enclosure.
1	a happy giraffe eats grass in front of a little girl in an exhibit.
0	A flock of different colored sheep hanging out and eating grass.
1	a flock of like colored sheep hanging out and eating grass.
0	A funny card with a cat wearing a Santa Claus hat
1	a dull card with a cat wearing a santa claus hat
0	A young girl is sitting on a couch while playing with a toy.
1	a happy girl is sitting on a couch while playing with a toy.
0	STREET CORNER WITH LOTS OF DIFFERENT DIRECTIONAL SIGNS
0	A sign that says "South" and another sign that says "One way" on the side of the road.
1	street corner with lots of like directional signs
1	a sign that says "north" and another sign that says "one way" on the side of the road.
0	Bird with a long neck sitting on a pole in the water.
1	bird with a short neck sitting on a pole in the water.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	a long subway with people in it is lit up
1	a short subway with people in it is lit up
0	Different kinds of street signs in front of buildings.
0	A stop sign and street signs stand in the foreground of a line of urban buildings.
1	like kinds of street signs in front of buildings.
1	a stop sign and street signs stand in the foreground of a line of rural buildings.
0	A cat is wearing a suit tie with a mad expression.
1	a cat is wearing a suit tie with a happy expression.
0	A large bull with long horns sitting on a beach.
1	a large bull with short horns sitting on a beach.
0	A couple of young people ridding a borrow across a field while cattle are grazing.
1	a couple of happy people ridding a borrow across a field while cattle are grazing.
0	A large truck is opened on one side with huge boxes in it.
1	a large truck is opened on one side with tiny boxes in it.
0	A man wearing a short skirt and tighty whities.
0	A person in a very funny costume laying on a bed.
1	a man wearing a long skirt and tighty whities.
1	a person in a very dull costume laying on a bed.
0	A boat on a lake near some houses in an rural area
1	a boat on a lake near some houses in an urban area
0	a group of people sitting around a long table with paper work in front of them
1	a group of people sitting around a short table with paper work in front of them
0	A group of young elephants roam through a grassy field together.
1	a group of happy elephants roam through a grassy field together.
0	a tall young female wearing a red dress and black coat
1	a tall happy female wearing a red dress and black coat
0	A young woman with a beaded necklace and white shirt.
1	a happy woman with a beaded necklace and white shirt.
0	A young woman wearing a suit and tie posing for a picture.
0	A young lady wearing a black sweater and a tie.
1	a happy woman wearing a suit and tie posing for a picture.
1	a happy lady wearing a black sweater and a tie.
0	A young man with glasses standing with a microphone in front of him
1	a happy man with glasses standing with a microphone in front of him
0	Attendants at a fancy event wear long dresses and tuxedos.
1	attendants at a fancy event wear short dresses and tuxedos.
0	A formally dressed couple in tuxedo and evening gown on the steps on a building.
1	a informally dressed couple in tuxedo and evening gown on the steps on a building.
0	A very happy looking well dressed guy with a nice tie.
1	a very angry looking well dressed guy with a nice tie.
0	A grassy field with different colored umbrellas on the grass.
1	a grassy field with like colored umbrellas on the grass.
0	Several different colored umbrellas in a grass field.
0	four different tents with two colors with sprinkler on
1	several like colored umbrellas in a grass field.
1	four like tents with two colors with sprinkler on
0	A young women stands by a long bench loaded with luggage.
1	a happy women stands by a long bench loaded with luggage.
0	Two young elephants are playing with each other.
1	two happy elephants are playing with each other.
0	Stack of hard sided luggage in a retail store.
1	stack of simple sided luggage in a retail store.
0	Bicycle parked in front of a restaurant with outdoor tables and a wide sidewalk.
1	bicycle parked in front of a restaurant with indoor tables and a wide sidewalk.
0	A young girl poses with her suitcase by some stairs.
0	A young girl smiles as she holds a piece of luggage.
1	a happy girl poses with her suitcase by some stairs.
1	a happy girl smiles as she holds a piece of luggage.
0	A pretty young girl sitting in a luggage cart next to a bag of luggage.
1	a pretty happy girl sitting in a luggage cart next to a bag of luggage.
0	A young boy sitting on the back of a cart filled with luggage.
0	A young, small child sits on a luggage carrier.
1	a happy boy sitting on the back of a cart filled with luggage.
1	a happy, small child sits on a luggage carrier.
0	A modern shopping mall with colorful umbrellas on the ceiling.
1	a ancient shopping mall with colorful umbrellas on the ceiling.
0	A young woman in an orange dress holds a black umbrella
1	a happy woman in an orange dress holds a black umbrella
0	A snowboard sitting on a hard wood floor.
1	a snowboard sitting on a simple wood floor.
0	Girl wearing sunglasses, dark, shirt and demin capri's playing Frisbee on a beautiful sunny day.
1	girl wearing sunglasses, dark, shirt and demin capri's playing frisbee on a ugly sunny day.
0	A young woman tumbles down the side of a sand dune.
1	a happy woman tumbles down the side of a sand dune.
0	The black dog is asleep next to a person reading a book.
1	the black dog is awake next to a person reading a book.
0	A young zebra is sniffing the ground in a dusty area.
1	a happy zebra is sniffing the ground in a dusty area.
0	The zebras are walking with different animals in the desert.
1	the zebras are walking with like animals in the desert.
0	A zebra and a young deer grazing in the grass together
1	a zebra and a happy deer grazing in the grass together
0	Two zebras side by side, one sniffing near a cow in outdoor setting with hay and trees.
1	two zebras side by side, one sniffing near a cow in indoor setting with hay and trees.
0	Several zebras in a huge grassy field with a mountain behind them.
1	several zebras in a tiny grassy field with a mountain behind them.
0	a young boy stand in front of a fence with a baseball glove
0	a boy making a funny face with a baseball mitt
0	A happy little boy wearing a baseball glove and a blue "Junior Giants" t-shirt.
0	A young boy smiling while wearing a catchers mitt.
1	a happy boy stand in front of a fence with a baseball glove
1	a boy making a dull face with a baseball mitt
1	a angry little boy wearing a baseball glove and a blue "junior giants" t-shirt.
1	a happy boy smiling while wearing a catchers mitt.
0	The outdoor market does not have a large variety of fruit to sale.
0	A long line of food carts with fruit.
1	the indoor market does not have a large variety of fruit to sale.
1	a short line of food carts with fruit.
0	A young man in blue jersey throwing a baseball on mound.
1	a happy man in blue jersey throwing a baseball on mound.
0	The man stands amongst a huge amount of packaged foods.
1	the man stands amongst a tiny amount of packaged foods.
0	A kitchen island that has different types of food.
1	a kitchen island that has like types of food.
0	Stuffed bananas with faces are among the stuffed toys hanging in this outdoor market.
1	stuffed bananas with faces are among the stuffed toys hanging in this indoor market.
0	There is a plate of food that is packed with different foods
1	there is a plate of food that is packed with like foods
0	A fat guy wearing a life jacket and short shorts.
0	An group of young people on a boat prepare to parasail on surfboards.
1	a fat guy wearing a life jacket and long shorts.
1	an group of happy people on a boat prepare to parasail on surfboards.
0	A group of young children with skateboards on a sidewalk
1	a group of happy children with skateboards on a sidewalk
0	A young man on a snow board performing a trick on a railing.
1	a happy man on a snow board performing a trick on a railing.
0	Many different vegetables are stacked in piles on the kitchen counter.
1	many like vegetables are stacked in piles on the kitchen counter.
0	Several different types of vegetables grouped together on a table.
1	several like types of vegetables grouped together on a table.
0	a close up of many different vegetables on a table
0	There are many different vegetables grouped together here.
1	a close up of many like vegetables on a table
1	there are many like vegetables grouped together here.
0	a plate with a few different items of food on it.
1	a plate with a few like items of food on it.
0	Happy people sledding down a snowy slope together
1	angry people sledding down a snowy slope together
0	A plate filled with three different types of foods.
1	a plate filled with three like types of foods.
0	A SMALL GROUP OF YOUNG MEN WITH THEIR SKATEBOARDS
0	Three young men are posing with skateboards.
1	a small group of happy men with their skateboards
1	three happy men are posing with skateboards.
0	A young man jumping with a skateboard over another young man sitting on the ground.
1	a happy man jumping with a skateboard over another young man sitting on the ground.
0	A young man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.
0	A young man is on a railing on a skateboard.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.
1	a happy man is on a railing on a skateboard.
0	A skier in short sleeves stops as she goes down a mountain hill.
1	a skier in long sleeves stops as she goes down a mountain hill.
0	The young man in the cap jumps up on a skateboard.
1	the happy man in the cap jumps up on a skateboard.
0	a young person is performing a ski trick in the air
1	a happy person is performing a ski trick in the air
0	Hang time, young man skate boarding down stairs.
1	hang time, happy man skate boarding down stairs.
0	Young man gliding along rail on his skateboard.
0	Young skateboarder displaying aerial trick on paved roadway.
1	happy man gliding along rail on his skateboard.
1	happy skateboarder displaying aerial trick on paved roadway.
0	A young man in the middle of a skateboard jump.
1	a happy man in the middle of a skateboard jump.
0	A young man riding a snowboard down the side of a mountain.
1	a happy man riding a snowboard down the side of a mountain.
0	A young male is skateboarding shown mid air.
1	a happy male is skateboarding shown mid air.
0	A young man is snowboarding on top of some snow.
1	a happy man is snowboarding on top of some snow.
0	a group of people are eating pizza at a long table
1	a group of people are eating pizza at a short table
0	We are looking at a long table with people eating pizzas.
1	we are looking at a short table with people eating pizzas.
0	A young man is making a pizza in the kitchen.
0	A young man standing over a pan filled with food.
1	a happy man is making a pizza in the kitchen.
1	a happy man standing over a pan filled with food.
0	A box of several different types of donuts
1	a box of several like types of donuts
0	A group of young people standing around each other.
1	a group of happy people standing around each other.
0	a young boy standing in front of a counter with dougnuts
0	A very cute small boy making a funny face.
1	a happy boy standing in front of a counter with dougnuts
1	a very cute small boy making a dull face.
0	A young man hits a tennis ball while wearing a helmet.
1	a happy man hits a tennis ball while wearing a helmet.
0	Four surfers wearing matching clothing each take a different position.
1	four surfers wearing matching clothing each take a like position.
0	A young woman hitting the ball during a softball game.
1	a happy woman hitting the ball during a softball game.
0	Young women playing a game of softball in the hot sun.
1	happy women playing a game of softball in the hot sun.
0	A large sandwich and cup of coffee sit on an outdoor dining table.
1	a large sandwich and cup of coffee sit on an indoor dining table.
0	A young person is having some fun in the ocean.
1	a happy person is having some fun in the ocean.
0	A person riding a beautiful wave very smooth
1	a person riding a ugly wave very smooth
0	A young boy kicking a soccer ball across a field.
1	a happy boy kicking a soccer ball across a field.
0	A surfer is coming down off a huge wave with lots of white caps.
1	a surfer is coming down off a tiny wave with lots of white caps.
0	Two young children are laying in bed with one another.
1	two happy children are laying in bed with one another.
0	A woman laying on her stomach in a short skirt on her stomache
0	The young brunette trollop lay splay legged on the twin bed, short skirt rising up provocatively to showcase her seductive, creamy thighs.
1	a woman laying on her stomach in a long skirt on her stomache
1	the happy brunette trollop lay splay legged on the twin bed, short skirt rising up provocatively to showcase her seductive, creamy thighs.
0	A bed sitting on a hard wood floor.
1	a bed sitting on a simple wood floor.
0	A beautiful woman laying on top of a bed in lingerie.
0	A young woman is partially dressed and laying across a bed.
1	a ugly woman laying on top of a bed in lingerie.
1	a happy woman is partially dressed and laying across a bed.
1	a young woman is altogether dressed and laying across a bed.
0	The young children are lying in the bed.
1	the happy children are lying in the bed.
0	A dinner plate has a lot of different food on it.
0	A white plate topped with lots of different foods.
0	A platter of different types of food on a plate.
1	a dinner plate has a lot of like food on it.
1	a white plate topped with lots of like foods.
1	a platter of like types of food on a plate.
0	The young man is pointing to a laptop.
0	a young man pointing towards his turned on laptop
1	the happy man is pointing to a laptop.
1	a happy man pointing towards his turned on laptop
0	A person with different foods layed out in front of them
1	a person with like foods layed out in front of them
0	A  young girl with yellow nails eating pizza
0	The young girl is happily eating a slice of pizza.
1	a happy girl with yellow nails eating pizza
1	the happy girl is happily eating a slice of pizza.
1	the young girl is sadly eating a slice of pizza.
0	A whole uncut pizza on a pan in a kitchen.
1	a whole trimmed pizza on a pan in a kitchen.
0	Two ladies are sitting down with a huge pizza at their table.
1	two ladies are sitting down with a tiny pizza at their table.
0	A young lady sitting at a restaurant eating a piece of pizza.
1	a happy lady sitting at a restaurant eating a piece of pizza.
0	A long table surrounded by children with balloons
1	a short table surrounded by children with balloons
0	The featured dish contains several unusual fresh ingredients.
1	the featured dish contains several usual fresh ingredients.
0	A man and young boy with tennis rackets on a blue tennis court.
1	a man and happy boy with tennis rackets on a blue tennis court.
0	Two adults watch as a young baby holds a tennis racket.
0	a young child is holding a tennis raquet
1	two adults watch as a happy baby holds a tennis racket.
1	a happy child is holding a tennis raquet
0	a long blue couch sitting by a white wall
1	a short blue couch sitting by a white wall
0	A man with long hair and in a towel holding a toothbrush.
1	a man with short hair and in a towel holding a toothbrush.
0	A close up of a tooth brush with three different colors of bristles.
1	a close up of a tooth brush with three like colors of bristles.
0	Four young men in a sitting area stand looking towards the opposite side of the room.
1	four happy men in a sitting area stand looking towards the opposite side of the room.
0	A couple of young men standing in a living room holding Wii controllers.
1	a couple of happy men standing in a living room holding wii controllers.
0	Black and white photograph of a young man brushing his teeth
0	A black-and-white photo of a young man brushing his teeth.
1	black and white photograph of a happy man brushing his teeth
1	a black-and-white photo of a happy man brushing his teeth.
0	Two young men holding Nintendo Wii controllers standing next to each other.
0	Two young men are playing a game on the Wii.
1	two happy men holding nintendo wii controllers standing next to each other.
1	two happy men are playing a game on the wii.
0	A dog with long hair sitting with a Wii controller
1	a dog with short hair sitting with a wii controller
0	Two young men are playing a WII video game.
1	two happy men are playing a wii video game.
0	The huge living room is furnished with expensive things.
1	the tiny living room is furnished with expensive things.
0	A room with many different types of classic decorations and accents.
1	a room with many like types of classic decorations and accents.
0	A smart phone sitting in a charging cradle on top of a glass desk.
1	a dumb phone sitting in a charging cradle on top of a glass desk.
0	A living room with comfortable furniture and large tv
1	a living room with uncomfortable furniture and large tv
0	The living room is in a beautiful goldenrod color with a warm fireplace.
1	the living room is in a ugly goldenrod color with a warm fireplace.
0	A dull living room holds several books and a small tv.
1	a funny living room holds several books and a small tv.
0	A young child has a cell phone up to their ear.
0	A woman and man tend to a young boy talking on a mobile phone.
1	a happy child has a cell phone up to their ear.
1	a woman and man tend to a happy boy talking on a mobile phone.
0	The young children are holding onto their teddy bears outside.
1	the happy children are holding onto their teddy bears outside.
0	Two very young children carrying teddy bears in foreground, background is woman sitting on a table, as if running a collection drive, outdoors, grass area.
1	two very happy children carrying teddy bears in foreground, background is woman sitting on a table, as if running a collection drive, outdoors, grass area.
0	A young boy and girl holding stuffed animals in a park.
0	a young boy and young girl hold stuffed animals at a park
0	Smiling children who are holding stuffed animals are at an outdoor event.
1	a happy boy and girl holding stuffed animals in a park.
1	a happy boy and young girl hold stuffed animals at a park
1	smiling children who are holding stuffed animals are at an indoor event.
0	Young girl with face painting holding pink stuffed teddy bear.
1	happy girl with face painting holding pink stuffed teddy bear.
0	The young father is posing with his two children.
1	the happy father is posing with his two children.
0	A young child in a field of grass holding a baseball bat.
1	a happy child in a field of grass holding a baseball bat.
0	A young man has just hit a baseball with the bat
1	a happy man has just hit a baseball with the bat
0	A little blonde girl doll sitting in front of a white plate with a piece of pizza.
1	a little brunette girl doll sitting in front of a white plate with a piece of pizza.
0	A small female doll looks happily upon a piece of pizza on a plate.
1	a small female doll looks sadly upon a piece of pizza on a plate.
0	A vase  with a red long stem rose in it.
1	a vase with a red short stem rose in it.
0	There is a young man sitting at a table with two lap tops
0	A young man is posing for the camera while on his laptop.
1	there is a happy man sitting at a table with two lap tops
1	a happy man is posing for the camera while on his laptop.
0	Great cat Walkingfern of a white base with different color flowers in it.
1	great cat walkingfern of a white base with like color flowers in it.
0	Two young women are looking in a microwave oven.
1	two happy women are looking in a microwave oven.
0	A beautiful old fashioned kitchen with modern renovations.
1	a ugly old fashioned kitchen with modern renovations.
0	The young man uses his cell phone next to a wizard statue.
1	the happy man uses his cell phone next to a wizard statue.
0	a woman holding up a smart phone while smiling.
1	a woman holding up a dumb phone while smiling.
0	A young man holding out a very old cell phone
1	a happy man holding out a very old cell phone
0	Four young people watching a smartphone as they ride in an automobile.
1	four happy people watching a smartphone as they ride in an automobile.
0	two lady's wearing long dresses and carrying baskest
1	two lady's wearing short dresses and carrying baskest
0	A beautiful woman in a pink sweater using a smart phone.
1	a ugly woman in a pink sweater using a smart phone.
0	A man holding a smart phone in his right hand.
1	a man holding a dumb phone in his right hand.
0	A young man in a large open field.
1	a happy man in a large open field.
0	A beautiful woman standing in a field on green grass.
0	Young female holding a cell phone in a field.
1	a ugly woman standing in a field on green grass.
1	happy female holding a cell phone in a field.
0	Their are phones from different manufactures on the table
0	A table topped with five smart phones next to a pitcher.
0	A row of smart mobile phone on a table.
1	their are phones from like manufactures on the table
1	a table topped with five dumb phones next to a pitcher.
1	a row of dumb mobile phone on a table.
0	A kitchen with black appliances and beautiful wood cabinets.
1	a kitchen with black appliances and ugly wood cabinets.
0	A small open refrigerator on a hard concrete floor.
1	a small open refrigerator on a simple concrete floor.
0	The young girl is standing in front of the refrigerator.
0	A little blonde girl standing in front of a fridge.
0	A young girl stands in front of the refrigerator.
1	the happy girl is standing in front of the refrigerator.
1	a little brunette girl standing in front of a fridge.
1	a happy girl stands in front of the refrigerator.
0	A child standing completely upright in front of a refrigerator.
1	a child standing partly upright in front of a refrigerator.
0	A beautiful clock with brown and gold lining on the covering.
1	a ugly clock with brown and gold lining on the covering.
0	Three clocks on a wall, all with different times.
1	three clocks on a wall, all with like times.
0	A young man in a green shirt drinks a beer.
1	a happy man in a green shirt drinks a beer.
0	A girl with a happy look holding a teddy bear on a trampoline.
1	a girl with a angry look holding a teddy bear on a trampoline.
0	A large clock is suspended from the ceiling of a narrow passage with metal bars on the side.
0	A huge room with windows and a clock hanging from the ceiling.
1	a large clock is suspended from the ceiling of a dirty passage with metal bars on the side.
1	a tiny room with windows and a clock hanging from the ceiling.
0	A dried black flower in a long, tall black & white vase.
1	a dried black flower in a short, tall black & white vase.
0	Young baby playing with infant toys on the floor.
1	happy baby playing with infant toys on the floor.
0	A person holding a huge teddy bear while riding a bike in the street.
1	a person holding a tiny teddy bear while riding a bike in the street.
0	A couple of young men sitting at a table having breakfast.
0	Two young men are eating cereal at the table.
1	a couple of happy men sitting at a table having breakfast.
1	two happy men are eating cereal at the table.
0	Different assortment of noodles and vegetables sitting in a pot and tray.
1	like assortment of noodles and vegetables sitting in a pot and tray.
0	four plates of different kind of food sitting on a table
0	A big spoon and four bowls of different delicious foods.
0	Small bowls of different colored vegetables next to each other.
1	four plates of like kind of food sitting on a table
1	a big spoon and four bowls of like delicious foods.
1	small bowls of like colored vegetables next to each other.
0	A young man is sitting in front of food and wine.
0	Man in yellow shirt sitting on an outdoor balcony with food on table.
1	a happy man is sitting in front of food and wine.
1	man in yellow shirt sitting on an indoor balcony with food on table.
0	Clean ultra modern kitchen with island and hood.
1	clean ultra ancient kitchen with island and hood.
0	A group of people doing different things in a kitchen.
1	a group of people doing like things in a kitchen.
0	A modern kitchen and dining area are shown.
0	A modern kitchen has large and clear counter space.
1	a ancient kitchen and dining area are shown.
1	a ancient kitchen has large and clear counter space.
0	Plates on display above cabinetry work in modern kitchen.
1	plates on display above cabinetry work in ancient kitchen.
0	A young man in a sweat shirt is standing on a wooden walkway.
1	a happy man in a sweat shirt is standing on a wooden walkway.
0	The young boy is doing tricks on his skateboard.
1	the happy boy is doing tricks on his skateboard.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down the middle of a street.
0	A young boy standing on his skateboard on the road.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down the middle of a street.
1	a happy boy standing on his skateboard on the road.
0	An ancient burnt stove on display in a museum.
0	a kitchen with different types of pots in it
1	an modern burnt stove on display in a museum.
1	a kitchen with like types of pots in it
0	A young man riding a skateboard on a street.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard on a street.
0	A woman in a scarf cooks using a huge ladel
1	a woman in a scarf cooks using a tiny ladel
0	This is a beautiful kitchen in a nice house.
1	this is a ugly kitchen in a nice house.
0	a kitchen with a long counter with chairs beside it
1	a kitchen with a short counter with chairs beside it
0	A beautiful new kitchen with natural wood cabinets.
1	a ugly new kitchen with natural wood cabinets.
0	All white kitchen and appliances in a narrow space.
1	all white kitchen and appliances in a dirty space.
0	A young girl reaches her hand into a white bowl.
1	a happy girl reaches her hand into a white bowl.
0	A young soldier has his picture taken with a young lady with an open jacket and brazier showing.
0	A happy couple is shown with a man in uniform.
0	A soldier standing next to a woman with very beautiful large breast.
1	a happy soldier has his picture taken with a young lady with an open jacket and brazier showing.
1	a angry couple is shown with a man in uniform.
1	a soldier standing next to a woman with very ugly large breast.
0	A residential bathroom has a modern motel look with upgraded fixtures and accessories.
1	a residential bathroom has a ancient motel look with upgraded fixtures and accessories.
0	Picture of a bathroom with raised seat toilet, sink, shower and dirty white towels.
1	picture of a bathroom with raised seat toilet, sink, shower and cheap white towels.
0	A large bathroom has a tiny window and a tub and toilet and sink and mirror.
1	a large bathroom has a huge window and a tub and toilet and sink and mirror.
0	Extremely modern bathroom renovation with wood and porcelain
0	The modern bathroom is worthy of being photographed.
1	extremely ancient bathroom renovation with wood and porcelain
1	the ancient bathroom is worthy of being photographed.
0	Large tiled shower area next to modern sink in bathroom.
1	large tiled shower area next to ancient sink in bathroom.
0	A small empty bathroom with brown painted walls
1	a small empty bathroom with brown unpainted walls
0	A single page of comic section near a dirty toilet.
1	a single page of comic section near a cheap toilet.
0	A bathroom with a bath tub, toilet and different designed light beige tile.
1	a bathroom with a bath tub, toilet and like designed light beige tile.
0	Many different items are lined out for display on a table
1	many like items are lined out for display on a table
0	Black colored commode in bathroom with modern tiling.
1	black colored commode in bathroom with ancient tiling.
0	A young child sitting on a toilet holding a smart device.
1	a happy child sitting on a toilet holding a smart device.
0	A young child plunging a toilet with a plunger.
1	a happy child plunging a toilet with a plunger.
0	A young person on a scooter in an urban area.
1	a happy person on a scooter in an urban area.
0	The young man is posing outside his house, next to his awesome motorcycle.
1	the happy man is posing outside his house, next to his awesome motorcycle.
0	The letters on the huge airliner are painted blue and red.
1	the letters on the tiny airliner are painted blue and red.
0	The huge airliner has turbine engines above it's wings.
1	the tiny airliner has turbine engines above it's wings.
0	The street lights shine outside of a huge blue building.
1	the street lights shine outside of a tiny blue building.
0	A bunch of sheep doing different things in a field
1	a bunch of sheep doing like things in a field
0	A group of buses sitting in a rural area.
1	a group of buses sitting in a urban area.
0	While in the immediate foreground juts a gnarled tree branch, the majority of the view consists of a an expanse  of short grass dotted with a few longer tufts and  a number  of scattered, grazing sheep.
1	while in the immediate foreground juts a gnarled tree branch, the majority of the view consists of a an expanse of long grass dotted with a few longer tufts and a number of scattered, grazing sheep.
0	A beautiful garden and a dog in the middle
1	a ugly garden and a dog in the middle
0	The bus has a huge advertisement on it.
1	the bus has a tiny advertisement on it.
0	A young woman reading while laying down on a park bench.
1	a happy woman reading while laying down on a park bench.
0	People relaxing on a sandy beach with a beautiful view of mountains in the distance across the water.
1	people relaxing on a sandy beach with a ugly view of mountains in the distance across the water.
0	Three young men are walking through the street.
1	three happy men are walking through the street.
0	A young bare-footed girl wearing jeans and a white t-shirt, sitting on a bench.
1	a happy bare-footed girl wearing jeans and a white t-shirt, sitting on a bench.
0	A young child sits on the rails surrounding a gardern.
1	a happy child sits on the rails surrounding a gardern.
0	A group of people walking across very dirty snow.
1	a group of people walking across very cheap snow.
0	a young person standing next to a red fire hydrant
1	a happy person standing next to a red fire hydrant
0	A long line of traffic barrels near a fire hydrant.
1	a short line of traffic barrels near a fire hydrant.
0	A young woman riding a horse holding a flag
1	a happy woman riding a horse holding a flag
0	A happy cowboy sits atop a horse in a city parade
1	a angry cowboy sits atop a horse in a city parade
0	The train rides down the tracks near a huge building in the city.
1	the train rides down the tracks near a tiny building in the city.
0	Two gentlemen interacting in outdoor area with shops nearby.
1	two gentlemen interacting in indoor area with shops nearby.
0	The man is looking at his digital camera.
1	the man is looking at his analog camera.
0	Fast commuter train moving past an outdoor platform.
0	a long passenger train pulling up to a station
1	fast commuter train moving past an indoor platform.
1	a short passenger train pulling up to a station
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	Two birds with long necks on a a body of water.
1	two birds with short necks on a a body of water.
0	A young man is eating out with his cap on.
1	a happy man is eating out with his cap on.
0	A man holds a huge remote control in a store.
1	a man holds a tiny remote control in a store.
0	There are two different colored trains pulled into the station
1	there are two like colored trains pulled into the station
0	A long white train has a blue pin stripe.
1	a short white train has a blue pin stripe.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
0	a long commuter train going over the traffic
1	a large short train on a steel track.
1	a short commuter train going over the traffic
0	A kitten resting in a duffel bag on a hard wood floor.
0	A tiny kitten nestles inside a duffel bag.
1	a kitten resting in a duffel bag on a simple wood floor.
1	a huge kitten nestles inside a duffel bag.
0	Large herd of cows crossing a rural road.
1	large herd of cows crossing a urban road.
0	A long tour cruise boat with potted plants on the windows
0	a boat in a narrow body of water
0	a long boat being used for a green house
1	a short tour cruise boat with potted plants on the windows
1	a boat in a dirty body of water
1	a short boat being used for a green house
0	A young man, who is dressed formally, is posing for the camera.
0	A young nerdy looking man with a red tie
1	a happy man, who is dressed formally, is posing for the camera.
1	a happy nerdy looking man with a red tie
1	a young man, who is dressed informally, is posing for the camera.
0	Two people are sitting in the back of a long boat.
1	two people are sitting in the back of a short boat.
0	three different boats in a canal and the white one is docked
1	three like boats in a canal and the white one is docked
0	A harbor scene with a long dock and boats in the water
1	a harbor scene with a short dock and boats in the water
0	A young girl wearing a tie that matches her skirt.
0	The young girl is dressed in her best uniform.
1	a happy girl wearing a tie that matches her skirt.
1	the happy girl is dressed in her best uniform.
0	A young girl on a beach chair kicking her leg out
1	a happy girl on a beach chair kicking her leg out
0	The backyard and patio of a beautiful home.
1	the backyard and patio of a ugly home.
0	This young man  is wearing a mask and holds a sign written in German that warns against Scientology.
1	this happy man is wearing a mask and holds a sign written in german that warns against scientology.
0	Black and white image of three different elephants.
1	black and white image of three like elephants.
0	A narrow living room with a couch and tv.
1	a dirty living room with a couch and tv.
0	A woman smiles brightly while riding a huge elephant.
1	a woman smiles brightly while riding a tiny elephant.
0	Women with short white skirts and black tops carrying umbrellas together in the street.
1	women with long white skirts and black tops carrying umbrellas together in the street.
0	A young girl putting a hat on a dog on a couch.
0	A young girl who is putting a hat on her dog.
0	A young girl is petting a dog on the couch with a lady looking on.
1	a happy girl putting a hat on a dog on a couch.
1	a happy girl who is putting a hat on her dog.
1	a happy girl is petting a dog on the couch with a lady looking on.
0	Different people crossing the street in the rain holding umbrellas.
1	like people crossing the street in the rain holding umbrellas.
0	A group of young people holding hands standing in front of a tall building.
1	a group of happy people holding hands standing in front of a tall building.
0	A young man standing behind a blue frisbee.
1	a happy man standing behind a blue frisbee.
0	A young boy and a young girl playing catch on a beach.
1	a happy boy and a young girl playing catch on a beach.
0	Several young men playing frisbee on a grassy field.
1	several happy men playing frisbee on a grassy field.
0	A smiling man stands in the dirty playing with a frisbee.
1	a smiling man stands in the cheap playing with a frisbee.
0	Groups of young men and women are playing Frisbee on a grassy field.
1	groups of happy men and women are playing frisbee on a grassy field.
0	A group of young men playing a game of frisbee.
0	Several young men playing frisbee on a field.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of frisbee.
1	several happy men playing frisbee on a field.
0	Three young men playing a game of frisbee.
1	three happy men playing a game of frisbee.
0	A young guy standing by a tree while playing outdoor activities.
1	a happy guy standing by a tree while playing outdoor activities.
0	A young man throws a frisbee into a basket.
1	a happy man throws a frisbee into a basket.
0	A young boy petting a pony while it eats.
1	a happy boy petting a pony while it eats.
0	A beautiful woman standing in front of a white horse.
1	a ugly woman standing in front of a white horse.
0	Several baskets of different color types of fruits.
1	several baskets of like color types of fruits.
0	A banana tree has sprung a huge bunch of fruit.
1	a banana tree has sprung a tiny bunch of fruit.
0	A young man swinging a bat over home plate.
1	a happy man swinging a bat over home plate.
0	Showing off his snowboard on a beautiful mountain.
1	showing off his snowboard on a ugly mountain.
0	A small blue tray of different types of food.
1	a small blue tray of like types of food.
0	A happy skier skis down a trail of fresh snow.
1	a angry skier skis down a trail of fresh snow.
0	A group of young men riding down a snow covered slope.
1	a group of happy men riding down a snow covered slope.
0	A tray of different types of food on table.
1	a tray of like types of food on table.
0	a young man in wearing skiing gear and skiing down the mountain
1	a happy man in wearing skiing gear and skiing down the mountain
0	A man wearing a North Carolina basketball jersey performs skateboard tricks
1	a man wearing a south carolina basketball jersey performs skateboard tricks
0	A young man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.
0	an edited picture of the same boy doing several different tricks on a skateboard
0	A picture showing a young man jumping with his skateboard.
1	an edited picture of the same boy doing several like tricks on a skateboard
1	a picture showing a happy man jumping with his skateboard.
0	A young man performing a stunt on a skateboard in a skate pit.
1	a happy man performing a stunt on a skateboard in a skate pit.
0	A white plate topped with different types of food.
1	a white plate topped with like types of food.
0	Several bento boxes are shown with vegetables and noodles while tiny toy figurines are on top of the food.
1	several bento boxes are shown with vegetables and noodles while huge toy figurines are on top of the food.
0	A young man riding a skateboard on top of a street.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard on top of a street.
0	Young children learning to snowboard together in the snow
0	A group of young kids in the woods with snow skiing
1	happy children learning to snowboard together in the snow
1	a group of happy kids in the woods with snow skiing
0	A green bowl of soup sitting next to a long spoon.
1	a green bowl of soup sitting next to a short spoon.
0	A group of young men hanging around a park.
0	The young men are taking a break from riding their skateboards.
1	a group of happy men hanging around a park.
1	the happy men are taking a break from riding their skateboards.
0	Young child kneeling on cloth in outdoor area.
1	happy child kneeling on cloth in outdoor area.
0	A young man on a skate board doing tricks
1	a happy man on a skate board doing tricks
0	A young boy riding in the street on a skateboard.
0	A young boy skateboarding on  a special skateboard
0	A young boy is riding on his skateboard.
1	a happy boy riding in the street on a skateboard.
1	a happy boy skateboarding on a special skateboard
1	a happy boy is riding on his skateboard.
0	A young male skateboarder performing a stunt atop a concrete wall.
1	a happy male skateboarder performing a stunt atop a concrete wall.
0	A young man on a skateboard performing a jump.
1	a happy man on a skateboard performing a jump.
0	young man doing skateboarding tricks in a residential area
0	Young male displaying skateboard skills on paved urban roadway.
0	The young man is riding his skateboard in the street
1	happy man doing skateboarding tricks in a residential area
1	happy male displaying skateboard skills on paved urban roadway.
1	the happy man is riding his skateboard in the street
0	Two young men watching another skateboard on a ramp.
0	A young skateboarder is doing a trick on a ramp.
1	two happy men watching another skateboard on a ramp.
1	a happy skateboarder is doing a trick on a ramp.
0	A young man is doing a trick on his skateboard.
1	a happy man is doing a trick on his skateboard.
0	A young man on a skateboard rides down a railing.
1	a happy man on a skateboard rides down a railing.
0	A young person is jumping his skateboarder off of a lodge.
1	a happy person is jumping his skateboarder off of a lodge.
0	A young boy is doing a trick on a skateboard.
1	a happy boy is doing a trick on a skateboard.
0	A young man riding a skateboard into the air.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard into the air.
0	A skateboarder is featured at different positions on a ramp.
1	a skateboarder is featured at like positions on a ramp.
0	A couple of young men walking down a street together.
0	Young boys are on skateboards by a cement slope.
0	A group of young people with skateboards and a scooter on a ramp.
1	a couple of happy men walking down a street together.
1	happy boys are on skateboards by a cement slope.
1	a group of happy people with skateboards and a scooter on a ramp.
0	Large spread of many different kinds of food.
1	large spread of many like kinds of food.
0	A young man is riding a rail with his board.
0	A young man on a skateboard grinds down a railing.
1	a happy man is riding a rail with his board.
1	a happy man on a skateboard grinds down a railing.
0	A young man jumping up, doing a trick on a skateboard.
0	The young man is jumping high on his skateboard.
1	a happy man jumping up, doing a trick on a skateboard.
1	the happy man is jumping high on his skateboard.
0	A young man is headed down a ramp on his skateboard.
1	a happy man is headed down a ramp on his skateboard.
0	A young man crouches on a moving skateboard.
1	a happy man crouches on a moving skateboard.
0	A young man is doing a trick on a surfboard.
1	a happy man is doing a trick on a surfboard.
0	A young boy listening to music while skateboarding at a skate park.
0	Young male skateboarder in mid air while doing a stunt.
1	a happy boy listening to music while skateboarding at a skate park.
1	happy male skateboarder in mid air while doing a stunt.
0	A young lady is showing off her winter skills while folks observe.
1	a happy lady is showing off her winter skills while folks observe.
0	A display case of different types of doughnuts in it.
0	A large display of many different types of doughnuts.
0	a case in a bakery full of doughnuts of different flavors
1	a display case of like types of doughnuts in it.
1	a large display of many like types of doughnuts.
1	a case in a bakery full of doughnuts of like flavors
0	A group of young women kicking a soccer ball around.
1	a group of happy women kicking a soccer ball around.
0	Young women celebrating a birthday with a cake and candles in a nightclub
1	happy women celebrating a birthday with a cake and candles in a nightclub
0	A group of young people playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy people playing a game of soccer.
0	Young lady with her legs in the air laying on a bed in a room.
1	happy lady with her legs in the air laying on a bed in a room.
0	A beautiful young woman laying in bed while resting her elbow on a pillow.
0	A young woman holding her hair on a bed
1	a ugly young woman laying in bed while resting her elbow on a pillow.
1	a happy woman holding her hair on a bed
0	A small wooden looking style bedroom and tiny television
1	a small wooden looking style bedroom and huge television
0	A beautiful blond woman laying in bed with a laptop.
1	a ugly blond woman laying in bed with a laptop.
0	A man is pointing at a pizza box with a some words on the inner side.
1	a man is pointing at a pizza box with a some words on the outer side.
0	A table with two different pizzas on it.
1	a table with two like pizzas on it.
0	Bedroom with all wooden wall and shelving with outdoor deck.
1	bedroom with all wooden wall and shelving with indoor deck.
0	Young man typing on a laptop computer that is on a cluttered desk.
0	A young man wearing glasses typing on a laptop on a desk.
1	happy man typing on a laptop computer that is on a cluttered desk.
1	a happy man wearing glasses typing on a laptop on a desk.
0	A young man drinking a mug of coffee
0	A young man is sipping a latte at a cafe.
1	a happy man drinking a mug of coffee
1	a happy man is sipping a latte at a cafe.
0	A young girl tries to keep her balance on a surfboard.
0	Young girl in black balances on a pink surfboard.
0	A young girl riding a surfboard in the ocean
1	a happy girl tries to keep her balance on a surfboard.
1	happy girl in black balances on a pink surfboard.
1	a happy girl riding a surfboard in the ocean
0	A blonde woman hitting a tennis ball back during a match.
1	a brunette woman hitting a tennis ball back during a match.
0	A group of young boys practice tennis outside.
1	a group of happy boys practice tennis outside.
0	Two men posing for a picture in a tennis game in a funny way.
1	two men posing for a picture in a tennis game in a dull way.
0	This ultra modern room includes a white retro couch and a wood coffee table.
1	this ultra ancient room includes a white retro couch and a wood coffee table.
0	A young child walking down a street past two nets blocking a road.
1	a happy child walking down a street past two nets blocking a road.
0	A young boy who is holding a tennis racket.
1	a happy boy who is holding a tennis racket.
0	A sliced pizza on a plate with different toppings.
1	a sliced pizza on a plate with like toppings.
0	Young man and older lady with baby eating at table.
1	happy man and older lady with baby eating at table.
0	A young child holds a tooth brush and smiles.
1	a happy child holds a tooth brush and smiles.
0	A beautiful woman brushing her teeth with a tooth brush.
1	a ugly woman brushing her teeth with a tooth brush.
0	A woman happily cleaning her teeth with a toothbrush
1	a woman sadly cleaning her teeth with a toothbrush
0	A young girl holding a tooth brush in her mouth.
1	a happy girl holding a tooth brush in her mouth.
0	The interior of a modern home, with a fireplace in the spacious living room, and kitchen with many cupboards, is lit by several lamps and overhead lights.
1	the interior of a ancient home, with a fireplace in the spacious living room, and kitchen with many cupboards, is lit by several lamps and overhead lights.
0	A long green sofa in a room with wood flooring.
1	a short green sofa in a room with wood flooring.
0	Two men at the job site wearing hard hats.
1	two men at the job site wearing simple hats.
0	Picture of living room with modern furniture and decor
1	picture of living room with ancient furniture and decor
0	A sunny day on a public beach with many people enjoying different activities.
1	a sunny day on a public beach with many people enjoying like activities.
0	Young children flying a kite at the beach.
1	happy children flying a kite at the beach.
0	a man wearing an orange shirt holding up a tiny kite
1	a man wearing an orange shirt holding up a huge kite
0	A man and a young boy on a beach with a kite.
1	a man and a happy boy on a beach with a kite.
0	a young kid with a baseball bat gets ready to swing at a ball
1	a happy kid with a baseball bat gets ready to swing at a ball
0	a young baseball player swinging a baseball bat
0	A young child hitting a baseball with a bat.
1	a happy baseball player swinging a baseball bat
1	a happy child hitting a baseball with a bat.
0	Three different types of pizzas and other items on display at a pizzeria.
0	four different pizzas in a glass case and a few other food items
1	three like types of pizzas and other items on display at a pizzeria.
1	four like pizzas in a glass case and a few other food items
0	An old man fist bumps a young woman.
1	an old man fist bumps a happy woman.
0	Two people in hard hats sitting in a golf cart.
1	two people in simple hats sitting in a golf cart.
0	A young and a woman sitting down outside with a laptop between them.
0	A woman sitting next to a young man who is holding a computer.
0	A young boy and a woman sit with a laptop between them.
1	a happy and a woman sitting down outside with a laptop between them.
1	a woman sitting next to a happy man who is holding a computer.
1	a happy boy and a woman sit with a laptop between them.
0	A man wearing a demonic joker shirt using a smart phone.
1	a man wearing a demonic joker shirt using a dumb phone.
0	A huge clock with roman numerals mounted on a wall.
1	a tiny clock with roman numerals mounted on a wall.
0	a cell phone a watch a digital camera on a table
1	a cell phone a watch a analog camera on a table
0	A young woman with tattoos using her cell phone..
0	Young woman with multiple piercings and a tattoo on her left arm
1	a happy woman with tattoos using her cell phone..
1	happy woman with multiple piercings and a tattoo on her left arm
0	A young man and a young lady are reading something on a cell phone in a classroom.
0	A couple looking at the smart phone of the man.
1	a happy man and a young lady are reading something on a cell phone in a classroom.
1	a couple looking at the dumb phone of the man.
0	A beautiful view of a kitchen and living room is displayed.
1	a ugly view of a kitchen and living room is displayed.
0	Two people standing with their arms around each other, near a huge brick building with a clock on a tower
1	two people standing with their arms around each other, near a tiny brick building with a clock on a tower
0	A vase filled with a long green leafy plant.
1	a vase filled with a short green leafy plant.
0	beautiful yellow flowers displayed in clear glass vases
1	ugly yellow flowers displayed in clear glass vases
0	A young girl on the floor blow drying her hair
0	A young child holds a hair dryer to her hair.
1	a happy girl on the floor blow drying her hair
1	a happy child holds a hair dryer to her hair.
0	The young girl is brushing her hair.
0	A young girl combing her hair with a pink comb.
1	the happy girl is brushing her hair.
1	a happy girl combing her hair with a pink comb.
0	Three different stuffed animals hanging from a bridge
1	three like stuffed animals hanging from a bridge
0	A group of different colored teddy bears sitting on top of a blue table.
0	A table full of different teddy bears with place cards
1	a group of like colored teddy bears sitting on top of a blue table.
1	a table full of like teddy bears with place cards
0	A young boy and girl sitting and eating at a childs table with a dog nearby.
0	A baby girl and boy eat at a tiny table.
1	a happy boy and girl sitting and eating at a childs table with a dog nearby.
1	a baby girl and boy eat at a huge table.
0	some people at different tables and plates of food
0	An older woman and a young woman eating at a table.
1	some people at like tables and plates of food
1	an older woman and a happy woman eating at a table.
0	Three young adults holding wine glasses while standing at a bar.
1	three happy adults holding wine glasses while standing at a bar.
0	a group of people sitting at a long table drinking glasses of wine
1	a group of people sitting at a short table drinking glasses of wine
0	Two people in tan long sleeve shirts with two dark laptops.
0	A couple of people using laptops at a long desk.
1	two people in tan short sleeve shirts with two dark laptops.
1	a couple of people using laptops at a short desk.
0	A couple of beautiful women talking to an older man.
1	a couple of ugly women talking to an older man.
0	A young blonde child is holding something pink.
1	a happy blonde child is holding something pink.
0	A smiling woman stands in the narrow isle space between kitchen counters, lining a tight kitchen space that holds cabinets and a sink and cooking area with one covered and one open, boiling pot.  .
1	a smiling woman stands in the dirty isle space between kitchen counters, lining a tight kitchen space that holds cabinets and a sink and cooking area with one covered and one open, boiling pot..
0	A young woman walking her dog along the sea shore.
1	a happy woman walking her dog along the sea shore.
0	A young man checks on his cooking while he irons.
1	a happy man checks on his cooking while he irons.
0	A white modern kitchen is on display in this photo.
1	a white ancient kitchen is on display in this photo.
0	The black sink contrasts with the coral countertop and white painted cupboards.
1	the black sink contrasts with the coral countertop and white unpainted cupboards.
0	There is no toilet paper in this tiny, claustrophobic bathroom.
1	there is no toilet paper in this huge, claustrophobic bathroom.
0	A modern bathroom with square sink and backlit mirror.
0	Brightly lit tiled wall in modern bathroom setting.
1	a ancient bathroom with square sink and backlit mirror.
1	brightly lit tiled wall in ancient bathroom setting.
0	Closed toilet in a narrow, tiled bathroom, with sink and shower stall.
1	closed toilet in a dirty, tiled bathroom, with sink and shower stall.
0	The young girl is riding her bike down the street.
1	the happy girl is riding her bike down the street.
0	A tiny powder room with pedestal sink, toilet, and green walls.
1	a huge powder room with pedestal sink, toilet, and green walls.
0	A small efficiency bathroom with two sinks at different levels.
1	a small efficiency bathroom with two sinks at like levels.
0	Two happy dogs have their head out the car window.
1	two angry dogs have their head out the car window.
0	A dog competing in a long jump in to water contest
1	a dog competing in a short jump in to water contest
0	A young man in a hat and a jacket is skate boarding.
1	a happy man in a hat and a jacket is skate boarding.
0	A long car car is green and has wooden accents as it sits in a parking lot.
1	a short car car is green and has wooden accents as it sits in a parking lot.
0	Electronic wand displayed for modern type of toilet.
1	electronic wand displayed for ancient type of toilet.
0	A young man boarding a motor bike on a city street
1	a happy man boarding a motor bike on a city street
0	A table that has bowls that contain different kinds of food.
0	Four bowls filled with different kinds of food.
1	a table that has bowls that contain like kinds of food.
1	four bowls filled with like kinds of food.
0	An office cubicle with four different types of computers.
1	an office cubicle with four like types of computers.
0	A set of four different bowls filled with four different foods.
0	Four bowls of different kinds of foods are shown.
1	a set of four like bowls filled with four different foods.
1	four bowls of like kinds of foods are shown.
0	A tiny banana with a woman peeling another in the background.
1	a huge banana with a woman peeling another in the background.
0	A dirty floor and wall with a black kit going into a trap door.
1	a cheap floor and wall with a black kit going into a trap door.
0	Two women sitting on two different benches.
1	two women sitting on two like benches.
0	A young boy working on a wooden bench.
0	A young child using an electric sander on a long piece of wood.
1	a happy boy working on a wooden bench.
1	a happy child using an electric sander on a long piece of wood.
0	Adults standing on unusual vehicle in roadway of major city.
1	adults standing on usual vehicle in roadway of major city.
0	A young man standing in the doorway of a bus
1	a happy man standing in the doorway of a bus
0	A lady in a very funny hat near a big red bus.
1	a lady in a very dull hat near a big red bus.
0	Photograph of an outdoor place with a bus.
1	photograph of an indoor place with a bus.
0	A young woman sitting on a park bench with people walking behind her at twilight.
0	A young woman sits alone on a park bench.
0	A young woman is sitting on a bench alone.
1	a happy woman sitting on a park bench with people walking behind her at twilight.
1	a happy woman sits alone on a park bench.
1	a happy woman is sitting on a bench alone.
0	Two young girls sitting next to each other on a lush green field.
1	two happy girls sitting next to each other on a lush green field.
0	A woman and two young children sit on a bench.
1	a woman and two happy children sit on a bench.
0	A tall bird with a long neck near a body of water.
1	a tall bird with a short neck near a body of water.
0	A pole pointing where different things are at.
1	a pole pointing where like things are at.
0	A long passenger train traveling down train tracks.
1	a short passenger train traveling down train tracks.
0	A building with different street signs attached to it.
1	a building with like street signs attached to it.
0	Several birds with long legs stand in water near tall green grass.
1	several birds with short legs stand in water near tall green grass.
0	A train traveling through the countryside on a sunny, beautiful day.
1	a train traveling through the countryside on a sunny, ugly day.
0	The beautiful bird is many different colors like blue and green.
1	the ugly bird is many different colors like blue and green.
0	A bunch of different signs that are on a pole.
1	a bunch of like signs that are on a pole.
0	A train traveling through a rural countryside under a gray sky.
1	a train traveling through a urban countryside under a gray sky.
0	A train is on the train tracks in a rural area.
0	A train is going through a rural setting.
0	A train traveling through a rural countryside filled with plants.
1	a train is on the train tracks in a urban area.
1	a train is going through a urban setting.
1	a train traveling through a urban countryside filled with plants.
0	Commercial train in motion moving through green hillside in rural area
0	a big long old train by some hills
1	commercial train in motion moving through green hillside in urban area
1	a big short old train by some hills
0	A young woman sits on a wall using a cell phone.
1	a happy woman sits on a wall using a cell phone.
0	A long haired cat on the top of an office chair covered in cat hair.
1	a short haired cat on the top of an office chair covered in cat hair.
0	A picture frame of two young cows standing near a fence.
1	a picture frame of two happy cows standing near a fence.
0	A man is driving a truck down a narrow street.
1	a man is driving a truck down a dirty street.
0	Mother and young black & white cow eating in a field of grass.
1	mother and happy black & white cow eating in a field of grass.
0	A long boat on a river half filled with yellow bananas
1	a short boat on a river half filled with yellow bananas
0	A picture of a red boat with its reflection in the water making a beautiful abstract design.
1	a picture of a red boat with its reflection in the water making a ugly abstract design.
0	The young man is wearing a suit and is sitting down.
0	a young boy is wearing a white shirt and tie
1	the happy man is wearing a suit and is sitting down.
1	a happy boy is wearing a white shirt and tie
0	a young bot with no shirt on and a tie
0	A young man poses for a camera while wearing a tie but no shirt.
1	a happy bot with no shirt on and a tie
1	a happy man poses for a camera while wearing a tie but no shirt.
0	A young boy not wearing a shirt, but wearing a neck tie.
0	A shirtless young man wearing a  blue paisley tie.
0	A young boy stands shirtless, wearing a blue tie.
1	a happy boy not wearing a shirt, but wearing a neck tie.
1	a shirtless happy man wearing a blue paisley tie.
1	a happy boy stands shirtless, wearing a blue tie.
0	Trees with beautiful fall colors of orange and yellow.
1	trees with ugly fall colors of orange and yellow.
0	A young boy who is formally dressed is smiling for the camera.
0	A young boy sitting at a table with a smile on his face.
1	a happy boy who is formally dressed is smiling for the camera.
1	a happy boy sitting at a table with a smile on his face.
1	a young boy who is informally dressed is smiling for the camera.
0	A painted elephant in a pen on a clear day.
1	a unpainted elephant in a pen on a clear day.
0	A young man is taking a "selfie" of himself.
1	a happy man is taking a "selfie" of himself.
0	A young boy wearing a tie while using a cell phone.
1	a happy boy wearing a tie while using a cell phone.
0	A young girl carries and open unbrella while walking down an alley.
1	a happy girl carries and open unbrella while walking down an alley.
0	A man in a light colored suit and a tie standing next to a woman in a short purple dress.
1	a man in a light colored suit and a tie standing next to a woman in a long purple dress.
0	A young girl walking in the rain under an umbrella with boots and a raincoat.
1	a happy girl walking in the rain under an umbrella with boots and a raincoat.
0	Two young people setting on top of a big elephant.
1	two happy people setting on top of a big elephant.
0	A large outdoor pool surrounded by grass and chairs
0	An outdoor swimming pool surrounded by lounge chairs and umbrellas with woods in the background
1	a large indoor pool surrounded by grass and chairs
1	an indoor swimming pool surrounded by lounge chairs and umbrellas with woods in the background
0	A smiling woman shows a hard shelled case.
0	A woman smiling and holding a modern briefcase.
1	a smiling woman shows a simple shelled case.
1	a woman smiling and holding a ancient briefcase.
0	An array of different colored beach umbrellas on the beach.
1	an array of like colored beach umbrellas on the beach.
0	Herd of elephants with a young one in front with it's trunk uplifted.
1	herd of elephants with a happy one in front with it's trunk uplifted.
0	Long row of elephant, with blue eyes, statues.
1	short row of elephant, with blue eyes, statues.
0	A young girl outside in the rain holding an umbrella.
1	a happy girl outside in the rain holding an umbrella.
0	Two young elephants are standing with two adult elephants.
1	two happy elephants are standing with two adult elephants.
0	The sand area of a beach with people on different area under umbrellas and sitting on towels.
1	the sand area of a beach with people on like area under umbrellas and sitting on towels.
0	A crowd is walking in the outdoor plaza.
1	a crowd is walking in the indoor plaza.
0	Young blond girl with pigtails wearing a pink top and holding a pink and white umbrella.
0	Young girl is outside and holding a pink Hello Kitty umbrella.
1	happy blond girl with pigtails wearing a pink top and holding a pink and white umbrella.
1	happy girl is outside and holding a pink hello kitty umbrella.
0	an image of a blonde women with an umbrella on a sunny day
1	an image of a brunette women with an umbrella on a sunny day
0	a young girl stands with her arms wrapped around a large blue umbrella
1	a happy girl stands with her arms wrapped around a large blue umbrella
0	two young bears are play fighting in the open
1	two happy bears are play fighting in the open
0	a happy dog playing with a frisbee by a mossy tree
1	a angry dog playing with a frisbee by a mossy tree
0	The dog is sitting on a brown easy chair beside a window.
1	the dog is sitting on a brown hard chair beside a window.
0	In the background a ramshackle fence separates the street level with street lamps. buildings and pedestrians under a stand, while in the foreground a young man in swim trunks is standing on a sandy beach, an arm on his hip, awaiting a frisbee.
1	in the background a ramshackle fence separates the street level with street lamps. buildings and pedestrians under a stand, while in the foreground a happy man in swim trunks is standing on a sandy beach, an arm on his hip, awaiting a frisbee.
0	Two young kids playing a game of frisbee on a beach.
1	two happy kids playing a game of frisbee on a beach.
0	a young female wearing a swimsuit throwing a Frisbee on a beach
1	a happy female wearing a swimsuit throwing a frisbee on a beach
0	A tiny dog in a doggy bed covered with a blanket.
1	a huge dog in a doggy bed covered with a blanket.
0	A young boy tossing a small frisbee in the air
0	A young man tossing a frisbee on top of a beach.
1	a happy boy tossing a small frisbee in the air
1	a happy man tossing a frisbee on top of a beach.
0	Three young men holding Frisbees in a park posing for a picture.
1	three happy men holding frisbees in a park posing for a picture.
0	A young man holding a pink frisbee on a beach.
1	a happy man holding a pink frisbee on a beach.
0	Young girl in a dress playing with a frisbee.
1	happy girl in a dress playing with a frisbee.
0	two different kinds of zebras in the grasslands
0	A close up of a car window makes a black border to a shot that features short grass and  an adult zebra, its head obstructed by the baby zebra in front of it.
1	two like kinds of zebras in the grasslands
1	a close up of a car window makes a black border to a shot that features long grass and an adult zebra, its head obstructed by the baby zebra in front of it.
0	A young man standing in front of a zebra in an enclosure.
1	a happy man standing in front of a zebra in an enclosure.
0	Young girl in cowboy hat using a rope while riding a horse.
1	happy girl in cowboy hat using a rope while riding a horse.
0	two men looking angry at each other.
1	two men looking happy at each other.
0	Two young girls check out ski equipment for their age group.
0	Two young girls in a store looking at skis
1	two happy girls check out ski equipment for their age group.
1	two happy girls in a store looking at skis
0	Two young baseball players in blue uniforms standing in right field
1	two happy baseball players in blue uniforms standing in right field
0	A couple of large piles of different fruits.
1	a couple of large piles of like fruits.
0	Bright flowers sit in a painted glass pitcher.
0	A beautiful arrangement of spring flowers in a painted vase.
1	bright flowers sit in a unpainted glass pitcher.
1	a ugly arrangement of spring flowers in a painted vase.
0	A man and young child stand in the snow giving thumbs up.
1	a man and happy child stand in the snow giving thumbs up.
0	A young child on snow skis and standing in the snow underneath a directional sign.
1	a happy child on snow skis and standing in the snow underneath a directional sign.
0	A beautiful girl sitting at a table with an orange.
1	a ugly girl sitting at a table with an orange.
0	Several young people are out in the cold trying to ski.
1	several happy people are out in the cold trying to ski.
0	Four children in snow clothes glide slowly on ski's.
1	four children in snow clothes glide quickly on ski's.
0	A young skier headed down to the ski lodge.
1	a happy skier headed down to the ski lodge.
0	Multiple bunches of bananas and plantains in an outdoor market.
1	multiple bunches of bananas and plantains in an indoor market.
0	An assortment of different dishes nicely arranged on a dining table.
0	four bowls containing different types of food in them
1	an assortment of like dishes nicely arranged on a dining table.
1	four bowls containing like types of food in them
0	A couple of different types of food on dishes.
1	a couple of like types of food on dishes.
0	Three metal pans filled with different types of food.
1	three metal pans filled with like types of food.
0	Three silver pans filled with different types of food.
1	three silver pans filled with like types of food.
0	A young girl riding skis on top of a snow covered ground.
0	a young girl on skis in the snow
1	a happy girl riding skis on top of a snow covered ground.
1	a happy girl on skis in the snow
0	Two young girls in snow-boarding gear sitting down
1	two happy girls in snow-boarding gear sitting down
0	Many different fruits are gathered in a pile.
1	many like fruits are gathered in a pile.
0	A simple, fenced in garden containing several kinds of plants.
1	a hard, fenced in garden containing several kinds of plants.
0	A bowl with different foods sitting on a napkin.
1	a bowl with like foods sitting on a napkin.
0	different segments of the same person riding a skate board
1	like segments of the same person riding a skate board
0	A young woman riding skis down a ski slope while holding ski poles.
1	a happy woman riding skis down a ski slope while holding ski poles.
0	A young woman is sitting down and she is holding a glass of some sort of beverage.
1	a happy woman is sitting down and she is holding a glass of some sort of beverage.
0	Four bowls filled with different types of food.
0	An assortment of different foods in bowls on a table
1	four bowls filled with like types of food.
1	an assortment of like foods in bowls on a table
0	A  young man skateboarding on a wooden ramp.
1	a happy man skateboarding on a wooden ramp.
0	A little girl eats carrots at an outdoor gathering.
0	Young child playing ith carrots from plate of vegetables.
0	little blonde girl holding a baby carrot above a paper plate with more carrots and next to a plate full of cut vegetables
1	a little girl eats carrots at an indoor gathering.
1	happy child playing ith carrots from plate of vegetables.
1	little brunette girl holding a baby carrot above a paper plate with more carrots and next to a plate full of cut vegetables
0	A young boy riding a skateboard across a parking lot.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard across a parking lot.
0	A group of young people skateboarding on hockey ring.
1	a group of happy people skateboarding on hockey ring.
0	A young boy in a helmet with other boys on skateboards behind him.
1	a happy boy in a helmet with other boys on skateboards behind him.
0	The young boy is setting down on his skateboard.
1	the happy boy is setting down on his skateboard.
0	Many different foods on dishes on a table
1	many like foods on dishes on a table
0	A young person who is having fun  riding a snowboard.
1	a happy person who is having fun riding a snowboard.
0	Elderly woman looking over boxed pastry items at outdoor venue.
0	The woman is looking closely at the selection of doughnuts on the outdoor buffet table.
1	elderly woman looking over boxed pastry items at indoor venue.
1	the woman is looking closely at the selection of doughnuts on the indoor buffet table.
0	A photo of a young man that is eating a hot dog..
1	a photo of a happy man that is eating a hot dog..
0	Young people eat donuts with computers in the background.
1	happy people eat donuts with computers in the background.
0	A couple of different doughnuts in a box
0	A box that is filled with different kinds of doughnuts.
1	a couple of like doughnuts in a box
1	a box that is filled with like kinds of doughnuts.
0	A young a boy eating a chocolate sprinkled covered donut.
0	A young boy eating a chocolate crunch donut.
1	a happy a boy eating a chocolate sprinkled covered donut.
1	a happy boy eating a chocolate crunch donut.
0	After a long day surfing, this couple walks down the shoreline.
1	after a short day surfing, this couple walks down the shoreline.
0	Two men with paddle board style surf boards walking into the water from the sand and two young children on the shoreline.
1	two men with paddle board style surf boards walking into the water from the sand and two happy children on the shoreline.
0	A group of young men playing a game of baseball.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of baseball.
0	A happy couple enjoying some pie and milkshakes.
1	a angry couple enjoying some pie and milkshakes.
0	A young child with her arms in the air as a woman holding a cake stands nearby.
1	a happy child with her arms in the air as a woman holding a cake stands nearby.
0	A young girl who is looking at a birthday cake.
0	A young girl glares at a cake with two candles.
1	a happy girl who is looking at a birthday cake.
1	a happy girl glares at a cake with two candles.
0	Two young girls frosting a cake on table.
1	two happy girls frosting a cake on table.
0	A young girl holding a sandwich at a table.
0	A young girl holding a giant sandwich with both of her hands.
1	a happy girl holding a sandwich at a table.
1	a happy girl holding a giant sandwich with both of her hands.
0	there is a young girl playing with soccer balls
0	A young girl standing on top of a grass covered field.
0	The young child is standing beside two soccer balls.
1	there is a happy girl playing with soccer balls
1	a happy girl standing on top of a grass covered field.
1	the happy child is standing beside two soccer balls.
0	A young man sits at a table waiting for some birthday cake
1	a happy man sits at a table waiting for some birthday cake
0	Young surfer quite vertical on an incoming wave
1	happy surfer quite vertical on an incoming wave
0	There is a young girl standing besides a female surfer
1	there is a happy girl standing besides a female surfer
0	there is a young boy eating a piece of cake
0	A young child eating food with a plastic spoon.
1	there is a happy boy eating a piece of cake
1	a happy child eating food with a plastic spoon.
0	Two adults and a young girl are looking at a birthday cake.
1	two adults and a happy girl are looking at a birthday cake.
0	Three young girls eat cake at a table.
0	A group of young ladies sitting in front of a table.
1	three happy girls eat cake at a table.
1	a group of happy ladies sitting in front of a table.
0	Three young girls are eating cake at a table.
0	A group of young children sitting at a table eating cake.
1	three happy girls are eating cake at a table.
1	a group of happy children sitting at a table eating cake.
0	A mother feeding dinner to her young daughter.
0	Older women with young girl sit at a table eating cake and ice cream.
1	a mother feeding dinner to her happy daughter.
1	older women with happy girl sit at a table eating cake and ice cream.
0	Four young children eat cake off of disposable plates around a low plastic table on a porch.
1	four happy children eat cake off of disposable plates around a low plastic table on a porch.
0	Young children enjoying cake on blue plates together.
1	happy children enjoying cake on blue plates together.
0	A young girl who is sitting on a bed.
1	a happy girl who is sitting on a bed.
0	Two young girls sit and face each other on a bed.
0	Two blonde little girls sitting on a bed
1	two happy girls sit and face each other on a bed.
1	two brunette little girls sitting on a bed
0	Two young girls laying in bed under a blanket.
0	Two young girls lay in a large bed.
1	two happy girls laying in bed under a blanket.
1	two happy girls lay in a large bed.
0	A young man riding a surf board on a very small wave.
1	a happy man riding a surf board on a very small wave.
0	A man happily water skiing along calm water.
1	a man sadly water skiing along calm water.
0	two long tables lined with pizzas in boxes underneath a tent
1	two short tables lined with pizzas in boxes underneath a tent
0	The buffet features several different types of pizza.
1	the buffet features several like types of pizza.
0	The young child is eating a plate of pizza in the restaurant.
0	Young chikd eating pizza while on nice cruise
1	the happy child is eating a plate of pizza in the restaurant.
1	happy chikd eating pizza while on nice cruise
0	A young girl playing with her friend in a game of tennis.
0	Young female child playing tennis on outdoor court.
1	a happy girl playing with her friend in a game of tennis.
1	happy female child playing tennis on outdoor court.
0	A young girl sitting in her bed and smiling at someone.
0	The young girl with the rainbow hat is sitting up in her bed.
1	a happy girl sitting in her bed and smiling at someone.
1	the happy girl with the rainbow hat is sitting up in her bed.
0	A young boy eating a slice of pizza.
1	a happy boy eating a slice of pizza.
0	A young girl with a tennis racket hides behind another girl with a tennis racket.
1	a happy girl with a tennis racket hides behind another girl with a tennis racket.
0	A young man in a black tee holding a racquet
0	A young man holding a tennis racket in his hands.
0	A young man is holding a tennis racquet.
0	A young man holding a red tennis racquet.
1	a happy man in a black tee holding a racquet
1	a happy man holding a tennis racket in his hands.
1	a happy man is holding a tennis racquet.
1	a happy man holding a red tennis racquet.
0	Two young girls getting pizza at a child's party.
0	A small girl that is eating pizza and holding a string, sitting next to another girl with long blonde hair.
1	two happy girls getting pizza at a child's party.
1	a small girl that is eating pizza and holding a string, sitting next to another girl with short blonde hair.
0	A young girl in a white top poses with a yellow tennis racket.
0	A young girl with fluffy hair holds a tennis racket.
0	A young girl standing on a grate with a racket.
1	a happy girl in a white top poses with a yellow tennis racket.
1	a happy girl with fluffy hair holds a tennis racket.
1	a happy girl standing on a grate with a racket.
0	A group of young children standing next to each other.
1	a group of happy children standing next to each other.
0	Two young girls with a tennis racket and a scooter.
0	Two young girls on a tennis court with a racquet and a scooter
1	two happy girls with a tennis racket and a scooter.
1	two happy girls on a tennis court with a racquet and a scooter
0	A group of young children sitting around a long table.
0	Large group of little kids and adults sitting and surrounding a long table with blue plates.
0	A group of children sitting at a long table eating pizza.
1	a group of happy children sitting around a long table.
1	large group of little kids and adults sitting and surrounding a short table with blue plates.
1	a group of children sitting at a short table eating pizza.
0	A young tennis player poses with her racquet on a green court
0	A young girl holding a racket on a tennis court.
1	a happy tennis player poses with her racquet on a green court
1	a happy girl holding a racket on a tennis court.
0	Two young blonde girls sitting and holding tennis rackets
1	two happy blonde girls sitting and holding tennis rackets
0	Young girl dressed in tennis whites holding tennis racket on grass field.
1	happy girl dressed in tennis whites holding tennis racket on grass field.
0	Two young women playing tennis while people watch.
1	two happy women playing tennis while people watch.
0	A set of five pizzas sitting next to each other each with different toppings.
0	Five uncooked pizzas with a variety of different toppings.
0	Five different pizzas are being prepared over a metal tray.
1	a set of five pizzas sitting next to each other each with like toppings.
1	five uncooked pizzas with a variety of like toppings.
1	five like pizzas are being prepared over a metal tray.
0	A young girl preparing two pizzas on the counter.
0	A young girl is making two types of mishaped pizza.
1	a happy girl preparing two pizzas on the counter.
1	a happy girl is making two types of mishaped pizza.
0	A woman hands a young child a tennis racket.
0	A woman and a young boy on a tennis court.
1	a woman hands a happy child a tennis racket.
1	a woman and a happy boy on a tennis court.
0	A young girl grasps a tennis racquet in confusion
0	A young girl wearing a orange and white dress holding a tennis racket.
0	A young girl holding a yellow tennis racquet.
1	a happy girl grasps a tennis racquet in confusion
1	a happy girl wearing a orange and white dress holding a tennis racket.
1	a happy girl holding a yellow tennis racquet.
0	a young child riding a toy elephant in the living room
1	a happy child riding a toy elephant in the living room
0	A young boy wearing a black and white striped shirt.
1	a happy boy wearing a black and white striped shirt.
0	A young girl standing over a soccer ball.
1	a happy girl standing over a soccer ball.
0	A bunch of young girls all have their arms up on a wooden floor.
1	a bunch of happy girls all have their arms up on a wooden floor.
0	A young child standing in front of a TV holding a Wii controller.
0	A young boy in his pajamas is playing a video game.
1	a happy child standing in front of a tv holding a wii controller.
1	a happy boy in his pajamas is playing a video game.
0	A pretty young blond woman standing on a rug holding a Nintendo Wii controller.
1	a pretty happy blond woman standing on a rug holding a nintendo wii controller.
0	a young boy playing video games with her friends
1	a happy boy playing video games with her friends
0	Modern kitchen with dinning area and all wood flooring.
1	ancient kitchen with dinning area and all wood flooring.
0	A living room with a hard wood floor and a dinning room table nearby.
1	a living room with a simple wood floor and a dinning room table nearby.
0	A young girl walking towards an older women.
1	a happy girl walking towards an older women.
0	A smiling young boy wearing an orange shirt plays the Wii.
0	Young child operating video game remote control from chair.
1	a smiling happy boy wearing an orange shirt plays the wii.
1	happy child operating video game remote control from chair.
0	A young boy is playing Wii on the couch.
1	a happy boy is playing wii on the couch.
0	A young lady holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
1	a happy lady holding a nintendo wii game controller.
0	A young girl is jumping playing a Wii.
0	A rambunctious young girl leaps into the air while holding a toy.
0	A little girl in a funny pose while playing the Nintendo Wii.
0	a close up of a young child standing playing nintendo wii
1	a happy girl is jumping playing a wii.
1	a rambunctious happy girl leaps into the air while holding a toy.
1	a little girl in a dull pose while playing the nintendo wii.
1	a close up of a happy child standing playing nintendo wii
0	A young child is jumping high in the air.
1	a happy child is jumping high in the air.
0	A wood themed bedroom with a hunting/sporting theme with an outdoor balcony.
1	a wood themed bedroom with a hunting/sporting theme with an indoor balcony.
0	Two young children play a video game console.
1	two happy children play a video game console.
0	Two young men with gaming controllers in their hands.
1	two happy men with gaming controllers in their hands.
0	A man a young girl playing video games
0	A man and a young girl playing Wii
1	a man a happy girl playing video games
1	a man and a happy girl playing wii
0	Several people in a living room sitting on different sides of the room
0	people sitting around in a living room in different chairs
1	several people in a living room sitting on like sides of the room
1	people sitting around in a living room in like chairs
0	A dinning room with a small table and a window with long curtains.
1	a dinning room with a small table and a window with short curtains.
0	A young boy is flying a colorful kite near two other people.
0	A young boy flying a kite with two other people watching.
1	a happy boy is flying a colorful kite near two other people.
1	a happy boy flying a kite with two other people watching.
0	A beach scene includes many different kites flying in a cloudy sky.
1	a beach scene includes many like kites flying in a cloudy sky.
0	A young child plays on a laptop on a table
0	A young child is pressing the keys on a laptop.
1	a happy child plays on a laptop on a table
1	a happy child is pressing the keys on a laptop.
0	A man flying a kite in a beautiful green park.
1	a man flying a kite in a ugly green park.
0	An outdoor baseball diamond and batter with arms and bat outstretched.
1	an indoor baseball diamond and batter with arms and bat outstretched.
0	A group of young men sitting next to each other holding racquets.
1	a group of happy men sitting next to each other holding racquets.
0	A vase full of long stems with round ends.
1	a vase full of short stems with round ends.
0	A young girl sitting on an older man's lap in front of a computer.
1	a happy girl sitting on an older man's lap in front of a computer.
0	A group of young men sitting in front of laptop computers.
1	a group of happy men sitting in front of laptop computers.
0	A young man is using a laptop set on the table with a young lady next to him.
0	A man standing in front of an Apple laptop computer with a woman in a short skirt standing next to him and smiling.
1	a happy man is using a laptop set on the table with a young lady next to him.
1	a man standing in front of an apple laptop computer with a woman in a long skirt standing next to him and smiling.
0	A beautiful blonde haired woman taking a pizza out of an oven.
1	a ugly blonde haired woman taking a pizza out of an oven.
0	A smart phone, magazine and ticket being held by a woman's hand.
1	a dumb phone, magazine and ticket being held by a woman's hand.
0	A hand holding a smart phone with a ship as a wall paper.
1	a hand holding a dumb phone with a ship as a wall paper.
0	A beautiful young lady talking on a cell phone.
0	A young woman is using a cell phone near orange light.
1	a ugly young lady talking on a cell phone.
1	a happy woman is using a cell phone near orange light.
0	Spectators using cell phones while sitting in seats at outdoor event.
1	spectators using cell phones while sitting in seats at indoor event.
0	A young lady with a blue purse is taking a selfie of herself.
1	a happy lady with a blue purse is taking a selfie of herself.
0	A modern kitchen with microwave and oven flush to the wall
1	a ancient kitchen with microwave and oven flush to the wall
0	A colorful painted vase filled with succulents between the wheels of a carriage.
1	a colorful unpainted vase filled with succulents between the wheels of a carriage.
0	A green vase with leafy plants poking out the top
0	A beautiful art nouveau vase holds and arrangement of greenery.
1	a green vase with leafless plants poking out the top
1	a ugly art nouveau vase holds and arrangement of greenery.
0	A long distance shot of a clock tower that is all lit up.
0	The clock tower features a very unusual walkway.
1	a short distance shot of a clock tower that is all lit up.
1	the clock tower features a very usual walkway.
0	A vertical view of of a tower reveals a clock and a flag.
1	a horizontal view of of a tower reveals a clock and a flag.
0	A young woman sitting outside at a table with tea and fruit
1	a happy woman sitting outside at a table with tea and fruit
0	Three different colored vases are stacked side by side.
1	three like colored vases are stacked side by side.
0	A young man painting a vase by hand
1	a happy man painting a vase by hand
0	Young boy pointing from background on table with breakfast meal of scrambled eggs, toast, hot chocolate or milk (for the boy).
1	happy boy pointing from background on table with breakfast meal of scrambled eggs, toast, hot chocolate or milk (for the boy).
0	The young kids are sitting at the table eating breakfast.
1	the happy kids are sitting at the table eating breakfast.
0	A young boy and young girl sitting at a table eating food.
1	a happy boy and young girl sitting at a table eating food.
0	A woman and a young boy sitting at a table with food.
1	a woman and a happy boy sitting at a table with food.
0	A young blond woman in a red tube top talkes to a male friend while holding a wine slushie.
1	a happy blond woman in a red tube top talkes to a male friend while holding a wine slushie.
0	A young woman looking at a store display and holding an umbrella.
1	a happy woman looking at a store display and holding an umbrella.
0	a black and white photo of young people holding an open umbrella
0	A young boy holding an umbrella in the rain.
0	A young boy standing in the rain holding an umbrella next to a boy wearing a baseball cap.
0	Two wet young boys on the street one has a huge umbrella.
1	a black and white photo of happy people holding an open umbrella
1	a happy boy holding an umbrella in the rain.
1	a happy boy standing in the rain holding an umbrella next to a boy wearing a baseball cap.
1	two wet happy boys on the street one has a huge umbrella.
0	A young boy wearing a sheriff costume poses with his dog.
0	there is a young boy wearing a cowboy hat hugging a dog
0	A young boy sitting next to a brown and white dog.
1	a happy boy wearing a sheriff costume poses with his dog.
1	there is a happy boy wearing a cowboy hat hugging a dog
1	a happy boy sitting next to a brown and white dog.
0	A young lady is reading a book while cooking as a toy horse sits on a table.
1	a happy lady is reading a book while cooking as a toy horse sits on a table.
0	A young man wearing an orange cap carries tennis rackets while standing next to another man carrying baggage.
1	a happy man wearing an orange cap carries tennis rackets while standing next to another man carrying baggage.
0	A modern, open kitchen with tiled floors, new appliances plenty of windows and clean cabinetry.
1	a ancient, open kitchen with tiled floors, new appliances plenty of windows and clean cabinetry.
0	A long empty, minimal modern skylit home kitchen.
0	A picture of a modern looking kitchen area
0	A narrow kitchen ending with a chrome refrigerator.
0	A narrow kitchen is decorated in shades of white, gray, and black.
1	a short empty, minimal modern skylit home kitchen.
1	a picture of a ancient looking kitchen area
1	a dirty kitchen ending with a chrome refrigerator.
1	a dirty kitchen is decorated in shades of white, gray, and black.
0	A modern kitchen in white with stainless steel lights.
0	A modern home kitchen and sitting area looking out towards the back yard
1	a ancient kitchen in white with stainless steel lights.
1	a ancient home kitchen and sitting area looking out towards the back yard
0	The tiny white bathroom has a toilet and pedestal sink.
1	the huge white bathroom has a toilet and pedestal sink.
0	Two different color cats laying beside each other
1	two like color cats laying beside each other
0	a long narrow batroom with a sink mirrors and toilet
0	A narrow bathroom has a long lit hallway.
1	a short narrow batroom with a sink mirrors and toilet
1	a dirty bathroom has a long lit hallway.
0	A very nice and modern bathroom sports a black and white color scheme.
1	a very nice and ancient bathroom sports a black and white color scheme.
0	The interior of a modern bathroom including glass shower and sinks
0	A modern bathroom with heated towel racks, bidet, walk-in shower and oblong sink
1	the interior of a ancient bathroom including glass shower and sinks
1	a ancient bathroom with heated towel racks, bidet, walk-in shower and oblong sink
0	A young girl standing under a window next to a toilet.
1	a happy girl standing under a window next to a toilet.
0	A nude man curled inside of a dirty bathtub.
1	a nude man curled inside of a cheap bathtub.
0	A modern bathroom design with a skylight above the toilet.
1	a ancient bathroom design with a skylight above the toilet.
0	A modern bathroom is shown with a square sink.
0	A very clean bathroom with a modern vanity
0	a modern bathroom featuring a square sink and a mirror.
1	a ancient bathroom is shown with a square sink.
1	a very clean bathroom with a ancient vanity
1	a ancient bathroom featuring a square sink and a mirror.
0	A marble-look bathroom with a bath enclosure and white sink on a long counter.
1	a marble-look bathroom with a bath enclosure and white sink on a short counter.
0	A truck and trailer sit behind a long bench.
1	a truck and trailer sit behind a short bench.
0	A large cargo van parked in front of a smart car.
0	A bus and a smart car parked outside of a building.
0	The smart car is parked directly behind the van.
1	a large cargo van parked in front of a dumb car.
1	a bus and a dumb car parked outside of a building.
1	the dumb car is parked directly behind the van.
0	A couple of cats rest on tops of different vehicles.
1	a couple of cats rest on tops of like vehicles.
0	This is a bathroom with two different size toilets in it.
1	this is a bathroom with two like size toilets in it.
0	A picture showing a long line of scooters parked on a city street.
1	a picture showing a short line of scooters parked on a city street.
0	A painted picture of a man and a woman on a motorcycle.
1	a unpainted picture of a man and a woman on a motorcycle.
0	A skateboard and portrait photograph of a young man, on the floor.
1	a skateboard and portrait photograph of a happy man, on the floor.
0	Two different motorcycles angle parked on a street.
1	two like motorcycles angle parked on a street.
0	many different air planes on an air port run way
1	many like air planes on an air port run way
0	A long exposure of a busy city intersection.
1	a short exposure of a busy city intersection.
0	Boy sitting on a bench with an angry birds toy reading a book.
0	A child reading a book with an Angry Birds plushie
0	A young man with a stuffed animal is reading on a bench.
1	boy sitting on a bench with an happy birds toy reading a book.
1	a child reading a book with an happy birds plushie
1	a happy man with a stuffed animal is reading on a bench.
0	A pretty young lady holding a black umbrella.
1	a pretty happy lady holding a black umbrella.
0	A young boy wearing a hat that looks sad.
0	A young boy in a sweatshirt and baseball cap by a bus
1	a happy boy wearing a hat that looks sad.
1	a happy boy in a sweatshirt and baseball cap by a bus
0	A train traveling through rural green country side.
0	A huge grassy field a seen from a vehicle.
1	a train traveling through urban green country side.
1	a tiny grassy field a seen from a vehicle.
0	A full view of a nice and comfortable bed with pillows.
1	a full view of a nice and uncomfortable bed with pillows.
0	An adult giraffe with a young one walking outside in a cage while another one is in a building
1	an adult giraffe with a happy one walking outside in a cage while another one is in a building
0	A traffic light sitting next to a chair on a hard wood floor.
1	a traffic light sitting next to a chair on a simple wood floor.
0	A fire hydrant has been spray painted white at the bottom.
1	a fire hydrant has been spray unpainted white at the bottom.
0	A young woman sits on a bench with shopping bags.
1	a happy woman sits on a bench with shopping bags.
0	A wooly adult sheep and a young sheep in a shadow by a brick wall.
1	a wooly adult sheep and a happy sheep in a shadow by a brick wall.
0	A young blonde boy sheers the wool of a sheep.
1	a happy blonde boy sheers the wool of a sheep.
0	A huge group of scattered out sheep are in the field.
0	Different colored sheep grazing in a green field
1	a tiny group of scattered out sheep are in the field.
1	like colored sheep grazing in a green field
0	A street filled with traffic and a very long bus.
1	a street filled with traffic and a very short bus.
0	A bird with a long red beak standing in shallow water.
0	A bird with a long orange beak standing on a beach.
1	a bird with a short red beak standing in shallow water.
1	a bird with a short orange beak standing on a beach.
0	A huge giraffe walking along the grass and rocks.
1	a tiny giraffe walking along the grass and rocks.
0	Locomotive pulling rail cars on track in forested rural area.
1	locomotive pulling rail cars on track in forested urban area.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	Well-dressed young man elaborately posed with an umbrella.
1	well-dressed happy man elaborately posed with an umbrella.
0	The tiny bird is sitting on the rooftop statue.
1	the huge bird is sitting on the rooftop statue.
0	Brick wall and windows with white painted area made to look like face.
1	brick wall and windows with white unpainted area made to look like face.
0	Different types and sizes of parking meters on display.
0	Several different parking meters beside a brick building.
0	A group of different parking meters displayed together.
1	like types and sizes of parking meters on display.
1	several like parking meters beside a brick building.
1	a group of like parking meters displayed together.
0	An old truck with no passenger door with tires and body painted in different colors.
0	A truck with many painted decorations is parked in a desert.
1	an old truck with no passenger door with tires and body painted in like colors.
1	a truck with many unpainted decorations is parked in a desert.
0	A long haired, black cat with yellow eyes lays on a black suitcase.
1	a short haired, black cat with yellow eyes lays on a black suitcase.
0	A bull with short horns standing in gravel.
1	a bull with long horns standing in gravel.
0	A young bull looking pretty mean at the camera.
0	A cow with short horns, standing in front of a tree.
1	a happy bull looking pretty mean at the camera.
1	a cow with long horns, standing in front of a tree.
0	A young man modeling clothes during a photo session.
0	A young man kneeling with two different suspenders,eyeliner on and a tie.
1	a happy man modeling clothes during a photo session.
1	a happy man kneeling with two different suspenders, eyeliner on and a tie.
0	A group of people sitting at two long tables in room.
0	Several people sit at long tables with a large mural with writing in the background.
1	a group of people sitting at two short tables in room.
1	several people sit at short tables with a large mural with writing in the background.
0	A group of ties consisting of different patterns and colors.
0	An assortment of different colored ties displayed in a row.
0	A close up several different colored ties and styles.
1	a group of ties consisting of like patterns and colors.
1	an assortment of like colored ties displayed in a row.
1	a close up several like colored ties and styles.
0	A man and a blonde woman dressed as devils.
1	a man and a brunette woman dressed as devils.
0	A bay of water with many different sail boats in it.
1	a bay of water with many like sail boats in it.
0	Two young men leaning up against a wall wearing ties.
0	Two young men wearing white shirts and ties pose for an artsy picture in front of a stark wall.
1	two happy men leaning up against a wall wearing ties.
1	two happy men wearing white shirts and ties pose for an artsy picture in front of a stark wall.
0	An old time photograph of a young man.
0	An old photograph depicts a young boy in nice clothes.
1	an old time photograph of a happy man.
1	an old photograph depicts a happy boy in nice clothes.
0	A young man squatting next to a brick wall.
1	a happy man squatting next to a brick wall.
0	A young girl sits inside of a luggage bag.
1	a happy girl sits inside of a luggage bag.
0	a big elephant walks along a young child elephant
1	a big elephant walks along a happy child elephant
0	A young elephant in a river with rappids
1	a happy elephant in a river with rappids
0	A young elephant walks beside many adults next to the water.
1	a happy elephant walks beside many adults next to the water.
0	A red piece of luggage sitting on top of a hard wood floor.
1	a red piece of luggage sitting on top of a simple wood floor.
0	different groups of people walking and holding opened umbrellas
1	like groups of people walking and holding opened umbrellas
0	Three different colored suitcases are on the ground next to each other.
0	They close-up of three different old suitcases on the ground.
1	three like colored suitcases are on the ground next to each other.
1	they close-up of three like old suitcases on the ground.
0	A dirty dog sits on the front patio of a home.
0	A dirty white and black dog next to a bottle of soda.
0	happy dog poses outside a door with root beer bottle
1	a cheap dog sits on the front patio of a home.
1	a cheap white and black dog next to a bottle of soda.
1	angry dog poses outside a door with root beer bottle
0	A beautiful photograph of a wooded area in sunlight.
1	a ugly photograph of a wooded area in sunlight.
0	A neat eating area shows vertical blinds, potted houseplants and a chair with a Chihuahua  on it, seated at a table with striped linen and a place setting with a small dish of food, resting in front of the dog.
1	a neat eating area shows horizontal blinds, potted houseplants and a chair with a chihuahua on it, seated at a table with striped linen and a place setting with a small dish of food, resting in front of the dog.
0	A photo taken at night of a young man playing frisbee
1	a photo taken at night of a happy man playing frisbee
0	Two dogs of different breeds laying next to each other on a bed.
1	two dogs of like breeds laying next to each other on a bed.
0	Young adults playing game with disc on grass field.
1	happy adults playing game with disc on grass field.
0	Two young women playing frisbee on a field.
1	two happy women playing frisbee on a field.
0	Several young men are competing over the Frisbee.
1	several happy men are competing over the frisbee.
0	Two people playing with a frisbee, both jumping in different directions.
1	two people playing with a frisbee, both jumping in like directions.
0	Two young women run after a flying Frisbee.
1	two happy women run after a flying frisbee.
0	A young girl smiling while holding up a  frisbee.
0	A young boy is holding a frisbee with a picture on it.
1	a happy girl smiling while holding up a frisbee.
1	a happy boy is holding a frisbee with a picture on it.
0	A group of young men playing a game of frisbee.
0	A group of young men are playing frisbee on a field.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of frisbee.
1	a group of happy men are playing frisbee on a field.
0	A young woman playing a game of frisbee with another person.
1	a happy woman playing a game of frisbee with another person.
0	An ostrich in a zoo a long with three zebras.
1	an ostrich in a zoo a short with three zebras.
0	A view of several different types of animals near a watering hole in Africa.
1	a view of several like types of animals near a watering hole in africa.
0	People viewing an outdoor zoo area with zebras and giraffe.
1	people viewing an indoor zoo area with zebras and giraffe.
0	A person riding a brown horse with blonde hair in a green field.
1	a person riding a brown horse with brunette hair in a green field.
0	A horse pulling a carriage on a narrow path.
1	a horse pulling a carriage on a dirty path.
0	A large display of oranges at an outdoor market.
1	a large display of oranges at an indoor market.
0	Four pots with different items, including vegetables, on them.
1	four pots with like items, including vegetables, on them.
0	A simple meal of vegetables and sliced chicken.
1	a hard meal of vegetables and sliced chicken.
0	A skateboarder is rounding the inner ramp lip.
0	A young man skateboarding along the side of a concrete skate bowl.
1	a skateboarder is rounding the outer ramp lip.
1	a happy man skateboarding along the side of a concrete skate bowl.
0	Two different vintage pictures of people doing skateboard tricks
0	A man riding a skateboard on various urban structures.
1	two like vintage pictures of people doing skateboard tricks
1	a man riding a skateboard on various rural structures.
0	A bushel of different vegetables near a wood wall
1	a bushel of like vegetables near a wood wall
0	Two young skateboarders dressed in black practicing stunts.
1	two happy skateboarders dressed in black practicing stunts.
0	A stand with a lot of different vegetables in boxes.
1	a stand with a lot of like vegetables in boxes.
0	A plate that is filled with different types of food.
1	a plate that is filled with like types of food.
0	A group of beautiful women sitting around a wooden table.
1	a group of ugly women sitting around a wooden table.
0	The young man is riding his skateboard around the park.
1	the happy man is riding his skateboard around the park.
0	Young skateboarder riding on urban street in daytime.
0	A man is long boarding across the street with his backpack.
1	happy skateboarder riding on urban street in daytime.
1	a man is narrow boarding across the street with his backpack.
0	a mixture of different substances in a big bowl
1	a mixture of like substances in a big bowl
0	A young man is standing with a skateboard on a sidewalk with the chalk message, "life is beautiful".
0	A young man with a skate board on top of chalked sidewalk.
1	a happy man is standing with a skateboard on a sidewalk with the chalk message, "life is beautiful".
1	a happy man with a skate board on top of chalked sidewalk.
0	Two young boys make a stunt while skating
0	A young skateboarder performing a stunt on a wooden ramp.
1	two happy boys make a stunt while skating
1	a happy skateboarder performing a stunt on a wooden ramp.
0	a guy in a short sleeve shirt skiing down the slopes
1	a guy in a long sleeve shirt skiing down the slopes
0	A young man jumps over a blue tubular object with his skateboard.
1	a happy man jumps over a blue tubular object with his skateboard.
0	A young man performing a skate board trick at sunset.
0	She is graceful on the skateboard, opening her posture to the sun with its flare in the beautiful snapshot.
1	a happy man performing a skate board trick at sunset.
1	she is graceful on the skateboard, opening her posture to the sun with its flare in the ugly snapshot.
0	Two young girls on skateboards with a beagle in the front.
1	two happy girls on skateboards with a beagle in the front.
0	A group of young people walking across a snow covered field.
1	a group of happy people walking across a snow covered field.
0	A young lady is about to bite her treat.
1	a happy lady is about to bite her treat.
0	A beautiful blonde sitting at a table eating a sandwich
1	a ugly blonde sitting at a table eating a sandwich
0	Young boys sitting at table enjoying lunch on deck.
0	Three little boys eat a meal at a tiny table on a deck.
1	happy boys sitting at table enjoying lunch on deck.
1	three little boys eat a meal at a huge table on a deck.
0	A rack filled with lots of different flavored donuts.
0	The display case has three different flavors of donuts.
1	a rack filled with lots of like flavored donuts.
1	the display case has three like flavors of donuts.
0	A group of young people playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy people playing a game of soccer.
0	Muffins cooling off in a modern style kitchen
1	muffins cooling off in a ancient style kitchen
0	a plate filled with some little tiny cakes
1	a plate filled with some little huge cakes
0	The contemporary bedroom features several unusual paintings and mirrors..
0	A bedroom has a large white bed with a modern look.
0	a modern bedroom with abstract paintings on the wall
1	the contemporary bedroom features several usual paintings and mirrors..
1	a bedroom has a large white bed with a ancient look.
1	a ancient bedroom with abstract paintings on the wall
0	A group of young boys playing a soccer game in progress.
0	A group of young people playing a game of soccer.
0	A group of young men are playing soccer.
1	a group of happy boys playing a soccer game in progress.
1	a group of happy people playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy men are playing soccer.
0	A bedroom with an unmade bed with a teddy bear lying on it, as if asleep
1	a bedroom with an unmade bed with a teddy bear lying on it, as if awake
0	Various different types of books, including non-fiction, are piled in one high pile.
1	various like types of books, including non-fiction, are piled in one high pile.
0	The rocks in the background make this a dangerous place to surf.
1	the rocks in the background make this a safe place to surf.
0	There are several plates with different pastries on the plate
1	there are several plates with like pastries on the plate
0	A pizza with several different toppings in a pizza box.
1	a pizza with several like toppings in a pizza box.
0	a woman with long dark hair a man with long dark hair and a guitar player
1	a woman with short dark hair a man with long dark hair and a guitar player
0	A beautiful girl in a blue bikini top holding a surfboard.
1	a ugly girl in a blue bikini top holding a surfboard.
0	It proved to be a long and strenuous tennis match.
1	it proved to be a short and strenuous tennis match.
0	A young woman in pink leggings playing tennis
1	a happy woman in pink leggings playing tennis
0	A young boy taking a bite of his piece of pizza.
0	A young boy eating a pizza at a table.
1	a happy boy taking a bite of his piece of pizza.
1	a happy boy eating a pizza at a table.
0	Some tiny pizzas on a blue and white plate
1	some huge pizzas on a blue and white plate
0	A young man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a happy man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	Two young boys, one holding a tennis racket, sit next to a fence.
0	Two young tennis players sitting down by the fence
1	two happy boys, one holding a tennis racket, sit next to a fence.
1	two happy tennis players sitting down by the fence
0	A young man standing on a tennis court holding a ball
1	a happy man standing on a tennis court holding a ball
0	A young man preparing to serve during a tennis match.
1	a happy man preparing to serve during a tennis match.
0	A wooden table topped with different kinds of foods.
1	a wooden table topped with like kinds of foods.
0	A young man serving a tennis ball with a green wall behind him.
1	a happy man serving a tennis ball with a green wall behind him.
0	A pretty young lady making a pizza next to a man in a kitchen.
1	a pretty happy lady making a pizza next to a man in a kitchen.
0	A young man is holding his tennis racket.
1	a happy man is holding his tennis racket.
0	A young person that is returning a serve to his opponent.
1	a happy person that is returning a serve to his opponent.
0	tennis player gets mad during a match
1	tennis player gets happy during a match
0	A young child is throwing a top hat.
1	a happy child is throwing a top hat.
0	A modern styled living room with recess lighting, a couch and table with chairs.
0	A modern home interior with living, kitchen and dining areas
1	a ancient styled living room with recess lighting, a couch and table with chairs.
1	a ancient home interior with living, kitchen and dining areas
0	A living room with hard wood floors filled with furniture.
0	The spaceous living room has hard wood floors.
1	a living room with simple wood floors filled with furniture.
1	the spaceous living room has simple wood floors.
0	A beautiful young woman in camo short shorts standing next to a man holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
1	a ugly young woman in camo short shorts standing next to a man holding nintendo wii game controllers.
0	A beautiful woman and a man with a beard holding Nintendo Wii controllers.
1	a ugly woman and a man with a beard holding nintendo wii controllers.
0	A beautiful woman standing next to a  man.
1	a ugly woman standing next to a man.
0	A couple of young guys standing next to each other in a living room.
0	a couple of people guys walking down a long hall way
1	a couple of happy guys standing next to each other in a living room.
1	a couple of people guys walking down a short hall way
0	A young man is sitting in a chair playing a video game.
0	A young man dressed in black playing video games.
1	a happy man is sitting in a chair playing a video game.
1	a happy man dressed in black playing video games.
0	Two young boys playing Wii games on the television.
1	two happy boys playing wii games on the television.
0	Two young people playing a video game on a small TV.
1	two happy people playing a video game on a small tv.
0	Looking across the living, dining and outdoor area of a beach side condo
1	looking across the living, dining and indoor area of a beach side condo
0	A young woman stands in the street and looks at her phone at the same time.
1	a happy woman stands in the street and looks at her phone at the same time.
0	A YOUNG MAN IS ON THE COURT PLAYING TENNIS
1	a happy man is on the court playing tennis
0	4 different colored sea horses flying with 4 birds.
1	4 like colored sea horses flying with 4 birds.
0	A young kid wearing a black coat with hood approaches a large kite
0	A young boy approaches a giant kite lying on the ground.
1	a happy kid wearing a black coat with hood approaches a large kite
1	a happy boy approaches a giant kite lying on the ground.
0	A man and a young child enjoying a day of kite flying.
0	A man and young woman flying kites in the air
0	A man and a girl flying colorful kites on a beautiful day.
1	a man and a happy child enjoying a day of kite flying.
1	a man and happy woman flying kites in the air
1	a man and a girl flying colorful kites on a ugly day.
0	some young people are flying a kite in the air
1	some happy people are flying a kite in the air
0	Laptop computer and phone on simple wooden desk on side of room.
1	laptop computer and phone on hard wooden desk on side of room.
0	A painted glass in Front of some lights
1	a unpainted glass in front of some lights
0	A pile of different ingredients sitting next to a  metal blender.
1	a pile of like ingredients sitting next to a metal blender.
0	People talking on the phone at two different locations.
1	people talking on the phone at two like locations.
0	A man holding a smart phone inside of his pocket.
0	A young person is taking a cell phone out of cargo pants.
1	a man holding a dumb phone inside of his pocket.
1	a happy person is taking a cell phone out of cargo pants.
0	A woman holding a smart phone in her pocket.
1	a woman holding a dumb phone in her pocket.
0	A woman with a smart phone in her pocket.
1	a woman with a dumb phone in her pocket.
0	The young woman is taking a selfie in the museum.
1	the happy woman is taking a selfie in the museum.
0	A young man in an orange shirt holds a cell phone outdoors.
0	A young man holding a walkie talkie while wearing an orange shirt.
1	a happy man in an orange shirt holds a cell phone outdoors.
1	a happy man holding a walkie talkie while wearing an orange shirt.
0	a young man taking a picture of a painting
1	a happy man taking a picture of a painting
0	a young girl with red hair looking down at her phone
0	a young female in a casual dining place on her mobile device
0	A young girl at a fast food restaurant looking at her cell phone
1	a happy girl with red hair looking down at her phone
1	a happy female in a casual dining place on her mobile device
1	a happy girl at a fast food restaurant looking at her cell phone
0	A screen showing two clocks at different times.
1	a screen showing two clocks at like times.
0	THERE ARE SEVERAL DIFFERENT SCISSORS ON THE TABLE
1	there are several like scissors on the table
0	there are six different pictures of people either eating or food
0	many different pictures of people and food and drinks
1	there are six like pictures of people either eating or food
1	many like pictures of people and food and drinks
0	Woman sitting at table at outdoor venue with additional photos of food served for consumption.
1	woman sitting at table at indoor venue with additional photos of food served for consumption.
0	A young man serving wine at a bar.
1	a happy man serving wine at a bar.
0	A young girl eating a ripe yellow banana.
1	a happy girl eating a ripe yellow banana.
0	The man is selling several different spices on the street.
1	the man is selling several like spices on the street.
0	Men in hard hats are on small motorcycles.
1	men in simple hats are on small motorcycles.
0	A pretty young lady preparing food in a kitchen.
1	a pretty happy lady preparing food in a kitchen.
0	A young woman holding a bowl in a kitchen.
1	a happy woman holding a bowl in a kitchen.
0	Four different pictures with various objects spelling out the word Love.
1	four like pictures with various objects spelling out the word love.
0	A young person who is making some food in the kitchen.
1	a happy person who is making some food in the kitchen.
0	A narrow galley kitchen with a window at the far end
1	a dirty galley kitchen with a window at the far end
0	An outdoor stand with a modified bicycle parked in front.
1	an indoor stand with a modified bicycle parked in front.
0	A man riding a bike down a street past a young man.
1	a man riding a bike down a street past a happy man.
0	A young woman in black tights rides a bicycle past a poster of a man.
0	A young lady on her bike in a position where a man is kissing her knee.
0	A young woman on a bicycle with a guy kissing her knee.
1	a happy woman in black tights rides a bicycle past a poster of a man.
1	a happy lady on her bike in a position where a man is kissing her knee.
1	a happy woman on a bicycle with a guy kissing her knee.
0	A narrow tiled bathroom with a toilet, sink, and vanity.
0	A narrow bathroom with a sink, mirror and toilet.
0	a narrow bathroom with plants and a window
1	a dirty tiled bathroom with a toilet, sink, and vanity.
1	a dirty bathroom with a sink, mirror and toilet.
1	a dirty bathroom with plants and a window
0	A little child riding in a carriage at an outdoor market.
1	a little child riding in a carriage at an indoor market.
0	A simple bathroom with tile surrounds and green floor.
1	a hard bathroom with tile surrounds and green floor.
0	This modern bathroom has a glass sink and a rock wall
1	this ancient bathroom has a glass sink and a rock wall
0	A digital rendering of a male bathroom decorated with tile.
1	a analog rendering of a male bathroom decorated with tile.
0	Tiny bathroom with green tub and baby seat with sink
1	huge bathroom with green tub and baby seat with sink
0	A tamale truck is in a rural city scene.
1	a tamale truck is in a urban city scene.
0	Narrow bathroom, wash basin with commode under on demand water heater.
0	The sink and toilet are close together in the tiny bathroom.
1	dirty bathroom, wash basin with commode under on demand water heater.
1	the sink and toilet are close together in the huge bathroom.
0	Yellow dog watching a grey sedan drive on a rural road.
1	yellow dog watching a grey sedan drive on a urban road.
0	A young woman using a laptop computer while sitting on a bunk bed.
0	A young girl sits in the bottom bunk of her bunkbed.
1	a happy woman using a laptop computer while sitting on a bunk bed.
1	a happy girl sits in the bottom bunk of her bunkbed.
0	An adult and a young person sitting on a motorcycle.
1	an adult and a happy person sitting on a motorcycle.
0	A row of different colored motor scooters sitting in front of a store.
0	The different colored motorcycles are parked next to each other.
0	Several different colors of the same motorcycle parked in a row.
1	a row of like colored motor scooters sitting in front of a store.
1	the like colored motorcycles are parked next to each other.
1	several like colors of the same motorcycle parked in a row.
0	a very beautiful motorbike standing besides a red car
1	a very ugly motorbike standing besides a red car
0	A group of different sized and different colored teddy bears on display in a window.
1	a group of like sized and different colored teddy bears on display in a window.
0	An airplane is only a short ways off the ground after take off.
1	an airplane is only a long ways off the ground after take off.
0	Two giraffes with beautiful markings are shown from behind.
1	two giraffes with ugly markings are shown from behind.
0	A truck is painted many different colors and has something on the top.
1	a truck is painted many like colors and has something on the top.
0	A colorful rainbow over an inner city neighborhood.
1	a colorful rainbow over an outer city neighborhood.
0	An adult and young giraffe in an enclosure with people looking at them.
1	an adult and happy giraffe in an enclosure with people looking at them.
0	Three giraffes, one young, in a natural looking habitat.
1	three giraffes, one happy, in a natural looking habitat.
0	lot of people are outside on a beautiful day and people are on a fun bus.
1	lot of people are outside on a ugly day and people are on a fun bus.
0	A young teenager is photographing a heard of sheep.
1	a happy teenager is photographing a heard of sheep.
0	A herd of giraffe standing on top of a dirty field.
1	a herd of giraffe standing on top of a cheap field.
0	A woman in a long dress is on a double decker bus.
1	a woman in a short dress is on a double decker bus.
0	there are two different busses going down the street
1	there are two like busses going down the street
0	A half green half red short bus.
1	a half green half red long bus.
0	A beautiful bird with brown wings, glides over the water
1	a ugly bird with brown wings, glides over the water
0	A young boy in a baseball hat and glove
0	A young boy smiles as he holds a ball in a mitt.
1	a happy boy in a baseball hat and glove
1	a happy boy smiles as he holds a ball in a mitt.
0	A colorful large bird with a long beak taking flight.
1	a colorful large bird with a short beak taking flight.
0	A street sign at the corner of Ward and Long Ridge
1	a street sign at the corner of ward and short ridge
0	Group of adults at outdoor gathering on clear day.
1	group of adults at indoor gathering on clear day.
0	A forest and river seen from behind horizontal bars.
1	a forest and river seen from behind perpendicular bars.
0	a couple of trains going in different directions
1	a couple of trains going in like directions
0	A long boat filled with people sitting on top of a body of water.
0	people sitting on a long narrow boat in the water
1	a short boat filled with people sitting on top of a body of water.
1	people sitting on a short narrow boat in the water
0	A parked modern semi trailer truck with beer cargo
1	a parked ancient semi trailer truck with beer cargo
0	A green semi truck driving down a narrow street.
0	A long blue truck on a road next to a green grassy strip.
1	a green semi truck driving down a dirty street.
1	a short blue truck on a road next to a green grassy strip.
0	A brown cow standing on a field with long horns.
1	a brown cow standing on a field with short horns.
0	A young elephant came near a stopped vehicle.
0	A young elephant is in the grass next to a vehicle.
1	a happy elephant came near a stopped vehicle.
1	a happy elephant is in the grass next to a vehicle.
0	Young adult scout member displaying hand sign wearing sash with badges.
1	happy adult scout member displaying hand sign wearing sash with badges.
0	A man wearing a shirt and tie with long hair.
1	a man wearing a shirt and tie with short hair.
0	A crowd of different people walking on a street in the rain.
1	a crowd of like people walking on a street in the rain.
0	A long wooden table with a woman sitting under an umbrella.
1	a short wooden table with a woman sitting under an umbrella.
0	Three different toy figures setup tolook like they are walking in snow.
1	three like toy figures setup tolook like they are walking in snow.
0	Two boats sit on the coast of a long, wide river.
1	two boats sit on the coast of a short, wide river.
0	A man and a young boy dressed in matching white dress shirts and ties.
1	a man and a happy boy dressed in matching white dress shirts and ties.
0	Several boats in the water near a huge cruise ship.
1	several boats in the water near a tiny cruise ship.
0	A young man singing and playing the guitar.
1	a happy man singing and playing the guitar.
0	A young child wearing a paper yellow tie.
0	A young person is wearing a yellow tie that he made from construction paper and colored it with crayons.
1	a happy child wearing a paper yellow tie.
1	a happy person is wearing a yellow tie that he made from construction paper and colored it with crayons.
0	A young male child painting with orange paint.
0	The young boy is enjoying painting at the table.
1	a happy male child painting with orange paint.
1	the happy boy is enjoying painting at the table.
0	A young man drinks a beverage while sitting in the park.
1	a happy man drinks a beverage while sitting in the park.
0	Happy man in a suit with bright blue suit and fun tie.
1	angry man in a suit with bright blue suit and fun tie.
0	three young men are piling luggage into a storage container
1	three happy men are piling luggage into a storage container
0	A girl is having a hard time pulling a suit case.
0	A young beautiful woman in a short jean skirt.
1	a girl is having a simple time pulling a suit case.
1	a happy beautiful woman in a short jean skirt.
0	A young boy sitting in the middle of a suitcase
0	A young boy sitting inside of a piece of luggage on a table.
0	A young boy secures himself in a suitcase.
1	a happy boy sitting in the middle of a suitcase
1	a happy boy sitting inside of a piece of luggage on a table.
1	a happy boy secures himself in a suitcase.
0	A bear walking across a rural road in front of a crowd of people.
1	a bear walking across a urban road in front of a crowd of people.
0	A small showcase of an assortment of funny and cute items.
0	A wall shelf filled with different kinds of figurines.
1	a small showcase of an assortment of dull and cute items.
1	a wall shelf filled with like kinds of figurines.
0	A woman with blonde hair holding an open umbrella.
1	a woman with brunette hair holding an open umbrella.
0	A young boy riding a bike pulling a orange piece of luggage behind him.
1	a happy boy riding a bike pulling a orange piece of luggage behind him.
0	There is a tiny cocktail umbrella in front of the candles.
0	Tiny novelty parasol located near some lit candles.
1	there is a huge cocktail umbrella in front of the candles.
1	huge novelty parasol located near some lit candles.
0	The man is playing Frisbee with the young boy.
0	A young man is throwing a Frisbee to a boy in a gravel lot with other children and people walking around.
1	the man is playing frisbee with the happy boy.
1	a happy man is throwing a frisbee to a boy in a gravel lot with other children and people walking around.
0	The young man is outside playing a game of Frisbee.
0	A young man in black clothes holding a yellow frisbee
1	the happy man is outside playing a game of frisbee.
1	a happy man in black clothes holding a yellow frisbee
0	A large black dog with long hair standing on steps.
1	a large black dog with short hair standing on steps.
0	A young girl outside holding a blue frisbee.
1	a happy girl outside holding a blue frisbee.
0	A zebra lays down in a leafy field.
1	a zebra lays down in a leafless field.
0	Two young men playing frisbee in a park.
0	Two young men playing a game of Frisbee on a lush green field.
1	two happy men playing frisbee in a park.
1	two happy men playing a game of frisbee on a lush green field.
0	A young person jumping to catch a frisbee
1	a happy person jumping to catch a frisbee
0	A Young teenage boy holds up a white decorative plate.
1	a happy teenage boy holds up a white decorative plate.
0	Two young women digging in to a tin pan of food in a barn
1	two happy women digging in to a tin pan of food in a barn
0	Two beautiful women riding horses in the ocean in bikinis.
1	two ugly women riding horses in the ocean in bikinis.
0	people riding horses partially submerged in a body of water
1	people riding horses altogether submerged in a body of water
0	A smiling young woman posing with a sleek brown horse.
0	A pretty young woman is posing with her horse.
1	a smiling happy woman posing with a sleek brown horse.
1	a pretty happy woman is posing with her horse.
0	a young girl with a lunge line exercising a horse.
1	a happy girl with a lunge line exercising a horse.
0	Two young girls are sitting on a brown horse.
0	Two very beautiful women riding a brown horse.
1	two happy girls are sitting on a brown horse.
1	two very ugly women riding a brown horse.
0	A young girl is sitting atop a small horse.
1	a happy girl is sitting atop a small horse.
0	A horse and buggy with people riding in it is going down the narrow sunlit path.
1	a horse and buggy with people riding in it is going down the dirty sunlit path.
0	A man riding a horse through rural country side.
1	a man riding a horse through urban country side.
0	A young person on skis flying high through the air.
1	a happy person on skis flying high through the air.
0	A table with plates of different types of food on top of it.
1	a table with plates of like types of food on top of it.
0	A long table of bananas is passed by runners.
1	a short table of bananas is passed by runners.
0	A bowl filled with lots of different types of vegetables.
1	a bowl filled with lots of like types of vegetables.
0	A young ball player poses with his baseball glove.
0	A happy little boy holding a baseball with a baseball glove.
0	A young boy wearing a catchers mitt holding a ball.
1	a happy ball player poses with his baseball glove.
1	a angry little boy holding a baseball with a baseball glove.
1	a happy boy wearing a catchers mitt holding a ball.
0	A man holding a snow sled next to a young boy in the snow.
1	a man holding a snow sled next to a happy boy in the snow.
0	A young child that is wearing a helmet and red shoes.
0	Young child with board standing on pavement outside building entrance.
1	a happy child that is wearing a helmet and red shoes.
1	happy child with board standing on pavement outside building entrance.
0	A store display filled with lots of different types of vegetables.
0	There are many different kinds of fruits an vegetables.
1	a store display filled with lots of like types of vegetables.
1	there are many like kinds of fruits an vegetables.
0	Three different types of clocks next to a  glass filled with champagne.
0	a wine glass and three clocks all set at different times
1	three like types of clocks next to a glass filled with champagne.
1	a wine glass and three clocks all set at like times
0	Young boy on blue skateboard in parking lot.
0	The young boy is riding his skateboard in the empty parking lot.
1	happy boy on blue skateboard in parking lot.
1	the happy boy is riding his skateboard in the empty parking lot.
0	a young man dressed as a nun skateboards down the street.
1	a happy man dressed as a nun skateboards down the street.
0	a man does a trick on a skate board as a young kid looks on
0	A young man is skateboarding off some steps and into the air.
1	a man does a trick on a skate board as a happy kid looks on
1	a happy man is skateboarding off some steps and into the air.
0	There is a tray with different sandwiches on it
1	there is a tray with like sandwiches on it
0	an image of women working and buying at an outdoor bake sale
0	People selling various types of bread products at an outdoor vendor.
1	an image of women working and buying at an indoor bake sale
1	people selling various types of bread products at an indoor vendor.
0	some different foods are laying out on a table
1	some like foods are laying out on a table
0	A group of young children riding skis down a snow covered mountain.
1	a group of happy children riding skis down a snow covered mountain.
0	A young man on a skateboard in midair near a ledge.
1	a happy man on a skateboard in midair near a ledge.
0	Young man skateboarding near the top of the steps.
1	happy man skateboarding near the top of the steps.
0	there are two young boys with no shirts sitting on the floor
0	A young man without a shirt sitting on the ground.
1	there are two happy boys with no shirts sitting on the floor
1	a happy man without a shirt sitting on the ground.
0	A man riding a skateboard down a rural road.
1	a man riding a skateboard down a urban road.
0	A smiling young man on a skate board in town.
1	a smiling happy man on a skate board in town.
0	A young man flipping a skateboard through the air.
0	A young man on a skateboard on a neighborhood sidewalk.
1	a happy man flipping a skateboard through the air.
1	a happy man on a skateboard on a neighborhood sidewalk.
0	A young man riding a skateboard across a parking lot.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard across a parking lot.
0	Two hotdogs with different toppings on a plate.
1	two hotdogs with like toppings on a plate.
0	A young man rides a skateboard though a busy indoor venue.
1	a happy man rides a skateboard though a busy indoor venue.
0	A young man is standing with his long board.
1	a happy man is standing with his long board.
0	This is a huge jumbo hot dog with grilled onions on it.
0	the large sandwich bun holds different kinds of meat
1	this is a tiny jumbo hot dog with grilled onions on it.
1	the large sandwich bun holds like kinds of meat
0	A young man is snowboarding down a rail
1	a happy man is snowboarding down a rail
0	A young lady showing off the hot dogs she just bought.
0	A beautiful woman sitting at a table holding up two hot dogs.
1	a happy lady showing off the hot dogs she just bought.
1	a ugly woman sitting at a table holding up two hot dogs.
0	two people side by side on two different boats
0	two people sharing a condiment while on two different boats
1	two people side by side on two like boats
1	two people sharing a condiment while on two like boats
0	A man holding a hotdog whle looking into the eyes of a pretty young lady.
1	a man holding a hotdog whle looking into the eyes of a pretty happy lady.
0	Three white dishes with three different sorts of food on them.
0	Three different meals on plates with silverware and beverages.
1	three white dishes with three like sorts of food on them.
1	three like meals on plates with silverware and beverages.
0	A young woman opening her mouth and biting into a hot dog.
1	a happy woman opening her mouth and biting into a hot dog.
0	a number of different doughnuts in a box
1	a number of like doughnuts in a box
0	Young teenagers are playing Frisbee on a court.
1	happy teenagers are playing frisbee on a court.
0	A young pretty lady kicking a soccer ball on a field.
1	a happy pretty lady kicking a soccer ball on a field.
0	A young lady is posing for the camera before blowing out he few candles.
0	Young girl posing at table with cake lit with candles.
1	a happy lady is posing for the camera before blowing out he few candles.
1	happy girl posing at table with cake lit with candles.
0	Beautiful silhouette of a woman holding a surfboard at a beach.
1	ugly silhouette of a woman holding a surfboard at a beach.
0	a long cake made to look like a medical chart
1	a short cake made to look like a medical chart
0	A group of men play indoor soccer together.
1	a group of men play outdoor soccer together.
0	A group of young men playing a game of soccer.
0	a group of young people playing soccer indoors
1	a group of happy men playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy people playing soccer indoors
0	A happy couple behind a cake on which a dragon figure is poised
0	The two people are proud of their unusual cake.
1	a angry couple behind a cake on which a dragon figure is poised
1	the two people are strong of their unusual cake.
0	A young person having fun wind surfing in a small lake.
1	a happy person having fun wind surfing in a small lake.
0	A wonderful bedroom full of beautiful and comfortable furniture.
1	a wonderful bedroom full of ugly and comfortable furniture.
0	The surfer is rowing a long paddle to row his board.
1	the surfer is rowing a short paddle to row his board.
0	Young girl lying on mattress with railing on three sides.
0	A young girl lying in a convertible toddler crib.
1	happy girl lying on mattress with railing on three sides.
1	a happy girl lying in a convertible toddler crib.
0	A young woman is eating a piece of pizza.
0	a young boy in the middle of his bite of pizza
1	a happy woman is eating a piece of pizza.
1	a happy boy in the middle of his bite of pizza
0	A young person sitting in his seat working on his laptop.
1	a happy person sitting in his seat working on his laptop.
0	A young boy eating a piece of bread near a bowl of food.
1	a happy boy eating a piece of bread near a bowl of food.
0	This tennis player is happy to be in the game.
1	this tennis player is angry to be in the game.
0	A young girl holding up a half eaten pizza.
0	A young, blonde girl wearing a purple shirt eating pizza.
0	A young blonde girl eating a piece of pizza.
0	A young girl holds up a slice of pizza.
1	a happy girl holding up a half eaten pizza.
1	a happy, blonde girl wearing a purple shirt eating pizza.
1	a happy blonde girl eating a piece of pizza.
1	a happy girl holds up a slice of pizza.
0	A tennis player is on an outdoor court.
1	a tennis player is on an indoor court.
0	An array of different remote controls posed on a cushion.
1	an array of like remote controls posed on a cushion.
0	A happy baby in pajamas enjoying a teething toy
1	a angry baby in pajamas enjoying a teething toy
0	A young man seems to be holding a Wii remote near the flower.
1	a happy man seems to be holding a wii remote near the flower.
0	Young people in a dark room playing video games on a television.
1	happy people in a dark room playing video games on a television.
0	Couple of young children playing Nintendo Wii in room
1	couple of happy children playing nintendo wii in room
0	A young boy holding a Nintendo Wii game controller next to a lego controller.
1	a happy boy holding a nintendo wii game controller next to a lego controller.
0	A dirty living room with TV, computer, and video game systems.
1	a cheap living room with tv, computer, and video game systems.
0	Young people are flying kites at a park.
0	A man in a park, flies his kite with a long tail.
1	happy people are flying kites at a park.
1	a man in a park, flies his kite with a short tail.
0	A young boy flying a kite near a house.
0	A young boy flies a kite over the roof of a house.
1	a happy boy flying a kite near a house.
1	a happy boy flies a kite over the roof of a house.
0	A young boy flying a kite with other people.
1	a happy boy flying a kite with other people.
0	some people in a park flying a kite with a long tail
1	some people in a park flying a kite with a short tail
0	A huge dragon kite flown with a steeple in the background.
1	a tiny dragon kite flown with a steeple in the background.
0	a young person running on sand with a kite in hand
0	A young girl running along a sandy beach while holding a kite.
1	a happy person running on sand with a kite in hand
1	a happy girl running along a sandy beach while holding a kite.
0	The man is walking on a very narrow street.
0	A narrow city street is dimly lit near a clock.
1	the man is walking on a very dirty street.
1	a dirty city street is dimly lit near a clock.
0	The huge structure has a bridge nearby on a cloudy day.
1	the tiny structure has a bridge nearby on a cloudy day.
0	A young child follows a baseball player across the field.
1	a happy child follows a baseball player across the field.
0	A kid follows a baseball player across an unnaturally green, sunlit field.
1	a kid follows a baseball player across an naturally green, sunlit field.
0	The young man is eating a hamburger with a pizza folded into it.
0	A young man is eating a sandwich with cheese.
0	a young man holding a sandwhich up to his mouth
1	the happy man is eating a hamburger with a pizza folded into it.
1	a happy man is eating a sandwich with cheese.
1	a happy man holding a sandwhich up to his mouth
0	Two young people holding tennis racquets on a tennis court.
1	two happy people holding tennis racquets on a tennis court.
0	A pile of many different types of stuffed bears.
1	a pile of many like types of stuffed bears.
0	A beautiful woman sitting in a blue chair writing a paper.
0	A young woman is sitting at a desk and writing with paper and pen.
1	a ugly woman sitting in a blue chair writing a paper.
1	a happy woman is sitting at a desk and writing with paper and pen.
0	A white tray topped with lots of different coffee cups.
1	a white tray topped with lots of like coffee cups.
0	A blue brush gliding through beautiful brown hair.
1	a blue brush gliding through ugly brown hair.
0	Two children sit in the lap of a huge stuffed bear.
1	two children sit in the lap of a tiny stuffed bear.
0	A woman is taking video of some people on a smart phone.
1	a woman is taking video of some people on a dumb phone.
0	a young girl is on her phone outside
0	A young woman is holding a cell phone.
1	a happy girl is on her phone outside
1	a happy woman is holding a cell phone.
0	A young girl posing on a chair with a cell phone
0	A young girl sitting in a wicker chair with her legs crossed and holding an item in one of her hands.
1	a happy girl posing on a chair with a cell phone
1	a happy girl sitting in a wicker chair with her legs crossed and holding an item in one of her hands.
0	A young woman relaxes while checking her smartphone.
0	there is a young girl laying down using a phone
1	a happy woman relaxes while checking her smartphone.
1	there is a happy girl laying down using a phone
0	A woman in a suit using a smart phone.
0	Woman looking at the digital screen on her digital camera.
1	a woman in a suit using a dumb phone.
1	woman looking at the analog screen on her digital camera.
0	A group of young people leaning up against a wall.
1	a group of happy people leaning up against a wall.
0	a young female walking at night smoking and talking on her mobile phone
1	a happy female walking at night smoking and talking on her mobile phone
0	A young man dressed for skiing talking on a cell phone.
0	A young man talks on his cell phone.
0	A young man with ski goggles talking on a cell phone on a snowy day.
1	a happy man dressed for skiing talking on a cell phone.
1	a happy man talks on his cell phone.
1	a happy man with ski goggles talking on a cell phone on a snowy day.
0	Young people with cameras taking pictures of themselves.
1	happy people with cameras taking pictures of themselves.
0	fTwo people take a "selfie" at an outdoor fair event.
1	ftwo people take a "selfie" at an indoor fair event.
0	a group of people taking photos and recording at an outdoor press conference
1	a group of people taking photos and recording at an indoor press conference
0	A young man in a crowd of people texting.
1	a happy man in a crowd of people texting.
0	Six different cellphones on a white textured surface.
0	A row of different types of cell phones.
1	six like cellphones on a white textured surface.
1	a row of like types of cell phones.
0	A man with long hair making a piece sign.
1	a man with short hair making a piece sign.
0	Three young ladies are sitting at a table, while the other is in the fridge.
1	three happy ladies are sitting at a table, while the other is in the fridge.
0	The old alarm clock does not have digital parts.
1	the old alarm clock does not have analog parts.
0	A glass container with different compartments filled with food.
0	A serving dish with four compartments containing a bagel, a hard boiled egg, bacon and fruit.
1	a glass container with like compartments filled with food.
1	a serving dish with four compartments containing a bagel, a easy boiled egg, bacon and fruit.
0	A baby doll laying next to a tiny teddy bear.
1	a baby doll laying next to a huge teddy bear.
0	A lady is riding her bike and approaching the huge castle like building.
1	a lady is riding her bike and approaching the tiny castle like building.
0	A young child sits holding a stuffed bear.
1	a happy child sits holding a stuffed bear.
0	A large painted glossy vase sits on a table in a store.
1	a large unpainted glossy vase sits on a table in a store.
0	a close up of a young child using a pair of scissors
0	A young boy cutting paper with kid's scissors.
0	A young child is holding a scissor and cutting a paper.
0	A young boy cutting a piece of paper with scissors.
0	A young boy cutting paper with crinkle scissors
1	a close up of a happy child using a pair of scissors
1	a happy boy cutting paper with kid's scissors.
1	a happy child is holding a scissor and cutting a paper.
1	a happy boy cutting a piece of paper with scissors.
1	a happy boy cutting paper with crinkle scissors
0	Two young women dressed as chefs, with latex gloves on and preparing what looks like desserts on small white plates.
1	two happy women dressed as chefs, with latex gloves on and preparing what looks like desserts on small white plates.
0	Man pouring different types of win into drinking glasses.
1	man pouring like types of win into drinking glasses.
0	An older couple is sipping wine on an outdoor patio.
1	an older couple is sipping wine on an indoor patio.
0	Several different glasses of wine are setting on the table,
1	several like glasses of wine are setting on the table,
0	Two people are lounging on an outdoor bench.
0	A picture of four people in a park of all different ages.
1	two people are lounging on an indoor bench.
1	a picture of four people in a park of all like ages.
0	woman in long, light red dress with orange umbrella.
0	a lady in a long pink dress with a matching umbrella
1	woman in short, light red dress with orange umbrella.
1	a lady in a short pink dress with a matching umbrella
0	A young couple sharing an umbrella in pouring rain.
1	a happy couple sharing an umbrella in pouring rain.
0	A view of a narrow kitchen with the only light coming from a glass door.
1	a view of a dirty kitchen with the only light coming from a glass door.
0	BROWN TOILET IN A TINY BATHROOM CUBBY HOLE
1	brown toilet in a huge bathroom cubby hole
0	Two people riding different colored horses down a dirty road.
1	two people riding like colored horses down a dirty road.
0	Two young girls dressed in school uniforms and berets, standing on the side of a vending cart.
0	TWO YOUNG GIRLS ARE STANDING ON THE TIRE WELL OF A FOOD TRUCK
1	two happy girls dressed in school uniforms and berets, standing on the side of a vending cart.
1	two happy girls are standing on the tire well of a food truck
0	a whole bunch of people cooking and doing different things in the kitchen
1	a whole bunch of people cooking and doing like things in the kitchen
0	A coffee cup has labels showing different amounts.
1	a coffee cup has labels showing like amounts.
0	A very young girl with a knife cutting something on a board.
1	a very happy girl with a knife cutting something on a board.
0	A dirty bathroom with a tub and window.
1	a cheap bathroom with a tub and window.
0	A dirty bathtub that is in a bathroom.
1	a cheap bathtub that is in a bathroom.
0	A bathroom with tile on the floor and walls with a dirty toilet.
0	There is a dirty toilet that is in the facility
0	A bathroom with a white toilet and a dirty floor.
1	a bathroom with tile on the floor and walls with a cheap toilet.
1	there is a cheap toilet that is in the facility
1	a bathroom with a white toilet and a cheap floor.
0	A peson riding a bike down a long narrow road.
1	a peson riding a bike down a short narrow road.
0	young man looking a different image of himself in the mirror
0	Unusual photograph depicting adult man in residential bathroom.
1	happy man looking a different image of himself in the mirror
1	usual photograph depicting adult man in residential bathroom.
0	Cattle are being herded down a rural road.
1	cattle are being herded down a urban road.
0	Several young boys sitting in the library using laptops.
0	Young men in a classroom each with his own laptop open.
1	several happy boys sitting in the library using laptops.
1	happy men in a classroom each with his own laptop open.
0	A dirty bathroom  with brown liquid on the floor and toilet.
1	a cheap bathroom with brown liquid on the floor and toilet.
0	An old, dirty bathroom contains a mop, bucket and a filthy toilet.
1	an old, cheap bathroom contains a mop, bucket and a filthy toilet.
0	a toilet seat surroundsed by different signs
1	a toilet seat surroundsed by like signs
0	A modern half flush toilet in a tiled bathroom
1	a ancient half flush toilet in a tiled bathroom
0	A gang of bikers driving down a rural country road.
0	A large group of motorcycle riders drive on a narrow road.
1	a gang of bikers driving down a urban country road.
1	a large group of motorcycle riders drive on a dirty road.
0	Two young motor bike riders compete on a muddy road
1	two happy motor bike riders compete on a muddy road
0	A man riding a motorcycle with a brown long horn bull behind him.
1	a man riding a motorcycle with a brown short horn bull behind him.
0	An office desk with antiques underneath a beautiful painting.
1	an office desk with antiques underneath a ugly painting.
0	A man rides a motorbike along with a woman and young child.
1	a man rides a motorbike along with a woman and happy child.
0	a man with a long messenger bag sits on a scooter
1	a man with a short messenger bag sits on a scooter
0	two golden swans with a huge display of flowers
1	two golden swans with a tiny display of flowers
0	Two adult women and two young children riding on a motorcycle.
1	two adult women and two happy children riding on a motorcycle.
0	A huge commercial airplane goes down the landing strip.
1	a tiny commercial airplane goes down the landing strip.
0	The huge twin engine airliner has blue paint on it's tail.
1	the tiny twin engine airliner has blue paint on it's tail.
0	An airplane museum has many different models to view.
0	A large room has many different planes displayed.
0	The large hanger has a large number of different airplanes on display.
1	an airplane museum has many like models to view.
1	a large room has many like planes displayed.
1	the large hanger has a large number of like airplanes on display.
0	An up close picture of a giraffe and his face and long neck that is reaching over a wooden fence.
1	an up close picture of a giraffe and his face and short neck that is reaching over a wooden fence.
0	People feeding a giraffe with a long tongue at the zoo
1	people feeding a giraffe with a short tongue at the zoo
0	Two different pictures of a giraffe at the zoo.
1	two like pictures of a giraffe at the zoo.
0	A mirror reflecting a crowd of different people.
1	a mirror reflecting a crowd of like people.
0	Buses lined up at indoor facility in metropolitan area.
1	buses lined up at outdoor facility in metropolitan area.
0	a couple of young kids are reading books
1	a couple of happy kids are reading books
0	The young giraffe is standing in front of some trees.
1	the happy giraffe is standing in front of some trees.
0	A young giraffe standing in an open field.
1	a happy giraffe standing in an open field.
0	Giraffes love the tender, young leaves on trees.
1	giraffes love the tender, happy leaves on trees.
0	The young giraffe is standing near the fence.
1	the happy giraffe is standing near the fence.
0	A couple of long horn sheep standing next to trees.
1	a couple of short horn sheep standing next to trees.
0	A goat with very long horns standing in front of a tree.
1	a goat with very short horns standing in front of a tree.
0	Two young children laughing as they play on a fire hydrant.
0	A young girl climbing on a painted fire hydrant
1	two happy children laughing as they play on a fire hydrant.
1	a happy girl climbing on a painted fire hydrant
0	A memorial is displayed, surrounded by tiny USA flags.
1	a memorial is displayed, surrounded by huge usa flags.
0	a long boat is sitting at a dock
1	a short boat is sitting at a dock
0	Four young giraffes in a zoo, with one of them being fed leaves by a person
1	four happy giraffes in a zoo, with one of them being fed leaves by a person
0	Those sheep look like they have traveled a long way.
1	those sheep look like they have traveled a short way.
0	White goose with young floating on water in daytime.
0	An adult swan swimming in the water with a few young ones behind it.
1	white goose with happy floating on water in daytime.
1	an adult swan swimming in the water with a few happy ones behind it.
0	Young Giraffe peeking his head into a crevice in the exhibit wall.
1	happy giraffe peeking his head into a crevice in the exhibit wall.
0	A man is standing outside of the water observing the huge flock of birds.
1	a man is standing outside of the water observing the tiny flock of birds.
0	A young boy seems to be trying to feed a giraffe.
1	a happy boy seems to be trying to feed a giraffe.
0	A beautiful bird is sitting on a branch.
1	a ugly bird is sitting on a branch.
0	A three way sign is posted on an outdoor pole.
1	a three way sign is posted on an indoor pole.
0	A tiny bird is feeding from a black bird feeder.
1	a huge bird is feeding from a black bird feeder.
0	A young woman sitting on a couch touching her hat.
1	a happy woman sitting on a couch touching her hat.
0	Two street signs that are pointed in different directions.
1	two street signs that are pointed in like directions.
0	A long train traveling along side of a mountain.
1	a short train traveling along side of a mountain.
0	A long view of the side of a train as it snakes along a track.
1	a short view of the side of a train as it snakes along a track.
0	A train passing by a heavily wooded area.
1	a train passing by a lightly wooded area.
0	A crowd of people unloading from a long train.
1	a crowd of people unloading from a short train.
0	A long white train is speeding down the tracks in the distance.
1	a short white train is speeding down the tracks in the distance.
0	A stop sign in a rural setting beneath a partly cloudy sky.
1	a stop sign in a urban setting beneath a partly cloudy sky.
1	a stop sign in a rural setting beneath a altogether cloudy sky.
0	An outdoor eating area with benches and umbrellas next to several food carts.
1	an indoor eating area with benches and umbrellas next to several food carts.
0	Brown and white cow with long horns standing next to a chain fence.
1	brown and white cow with short horns standing next to a chain fence.
0	three little kids that have different ties on
0	A jumping boy wearing three different neck ties
1	three little kids that have like ties on
1	a jumping boy wearing three like neck ties
0	A young man who has been awarded a gold medal stares unsmiling at the camera.
1	a happy man who has been awarded a gold medal stares unsmiling at the camera.
0	Two young men standing in a river washing elephants.
1	two happy men standing in a river washing elephants.
0	A young man wearing a suit coat and a tie.
1	a happy man wearing a suit coat and a tie.
0	A smiling young handsome guy who is well dressed.
0	A man with a white shirt, black tie and short sleeve sweater
0	A young man posing for a headshot with a Holy Cross sweater on.
1	a smiling happy handsome guy who is well dressed.
1	a man with a white shirt, black tie and long sleeve sweater
1	a happy man posing for a headshot with a holy cross sweater on.
0	a young man standing in a room making the vulcan hand symbol
0	A young man making the Vulcan sign for 'live long and prosper'.
1	a happy man standing in a room making the vulcan hand symbol
1	a happy man making the vulcan sign for'live long and prosper'.
0	The young man is wearing a matching hat with his tie.
0	A young man with a hat, scarf, and tie, is looking on.
1	the happy man is wearing a matching hat with his tie.
1	a happy man with a hat, scarf, and tie, is looking on.
0	3 young women sitting on blankets on a stone top.
1	3 happy women sitting on blankets on a stone top.
0	A young elephant by a pool of water in a zoo enclosure.
0	Elephant in hard paved enclosure, standing near water spray.
1	a happy elephant by a pool of water in a zoo enclosure.
1	elephant in simple paved enclosure, standing near water spray.
0	A small herd of young elephants are standing in water.
0	A line of different sized elephants in the water.
1	a small herd of happy elephants are standing in water.
1	a line of like sized elephants in the water.
0	A young man with a tie stands next to a graffiti wall.
0	A young boy in a tie stands next to some graffiti
0	A young man stands in his tie and low hanging pants.
1	a happy man with a tie stands next to a graffiti wall.
1	a happy boy in a tie stands next to some graffiti
1	a happy man stands in his tie and low hanging pants.
0	A happy man and woman pose for a picture.
1	a angry man and woman pose for a picture.
0	The two canoes are full of happy rowers.
1	the two canoes are full of angry rowers.
0	a young female wearing black walking in snow with a red umbrella
1	a happy female wearing black walking in snow with a red umbrella
0	A group of people rows a long boat in a lake.
0	several people on a long canoe rowing in a lake
0	a lot of people that are on a long boat
0	A group of people riding on top of a long paddle boat.
1	a group of people rows a short boat in a lake.
1	several people on a short canoe rowing in a lake
1	a lot of people that are on a short boat
1	a group of people riding on top of a short paddle boat.
0	A long red boat traveling under a bridge on a river.
0	A person is standing on a long red boats
1	a short red boat traveling under a bridge on a river.
1	a person is standing on a short red boats
0	many different lawn chairs on a beach
1	many like lawn chairs on a beach
0	A modern living room design features bold graphic prints.
1	a ancient living room design features bold graphic prints.
0	Happy dog lying under  loaded computer cubical desk.
1	angry dog lying under loaded computer cubical desk.
0	A lady shopping in the rain at a outdoor market.
0	People walk near an outdoor market carrying umbrellas.
1	a lady shopping in the rain at a indoor market.
1	people walk near an indoor market carrying umbrellas.
0	Two huge elephants splash and play in the water.
1	two tiny elephants splash and play in the water.
0	A baby elephant nudges it's huge parent with it's trunk.
1	a baby elephant nudges it's tiny parent with it's trunk.
0	Young people sitting on the concrete one has an umbrella.
1	happy people sitting on the concrete one has an umbrella.
0	A young man is sitting across from a seat with a backpack on it.
0	Selfie of a young male and his luggage on a train
1	a happy man is sitting across from a seat with a backpack on it.
1	selfie of a happy male and his luggage on a train
0	A young girl holds up a pink umbrella.
0	A young girl holding an umbrella on the sidewalk.
0	A young girl is holding a pink striped umbrella.
1	a happy girl holds up a pink umbrella.
1	a happy girl holding an umbrella on the sidewalk.
1	a happy girl is holding a pink striped umbrella.
0	A young professional woman is standing in the rain
1	a happy professional woman is standing in the rain
0	A short haired dog curled up sleeping contently.
1	a long haired dog curled up sleeping contently.
0	A young man holding a Frisbee in a throwing position.
0	A young man playing out side with a disc.
0	The young man in jeans is throwing a Frisbee.
1	a happy man holding a frisbee in a throwing position.
1	a happy man playing out side with a disc.
1	the happy man in jeans is throwing a frisbee.
0	A young boy in  a grassy field getting a frisbee.
1	a happy boy in a grassy field getting a frisbee.
0	A young bear cub perched between two tree branches
1	a happy bear cub perched between two tree branches
0	A young man is sleeping in bed with a dog and remote control.
0	A young man holds a remote control and sleeps next to a dog.
1	a happy man is sleeping in bed with a dog and remote control.
1	a happy man holds a remote control and sleeps next to a dog.
0	A young zebra with an adult zebra standing on a parched brown landscape.
1	a happy zebra with an adult zebra standing on a parched brown landscape.
0	A young product representative gives out Frisbees at a show
0	A young lady is holding a frisbee and posing.
0	a young Asian female wearing a white dress holding a green Frisbee
1	a happy product representative gives out frisbees at a show
1	a happy lady is holding a frisbee and posing.
1	a happy asian female wearing a white dress holding a green frisbee
0	Young adult male holding a frisbee at an event.
1	happy adult male holding a frisbee at an event.
0	a small group of zebras standing around looking at different things
1	a small group of zebras standing around looking at like things
0	There is a chocolate birthday cake that says happy birthday charlotte with pigs on top
0	A brown happy birthday cake with pigs on top of it.
1	there is a chocolate birthday cake that says angry birthday charlotte with pigs on top
1	a brown angry birthday cake with pigs on top of it.
0	A rural area shows trucks and buildings outside a green, fenced in area with a small standing horse, nuzzling a second and larger horse.
1	a urban area shows trucks and buildings outside a green, fenced in area with a small standing horse, nuzzling a second and larger horse.
0	The two large, brown horses have long hair.
1	the two large, brown horses have short hair.
0	there is a blue plate with lots of different foods on it
1	there is a blue plate with lots of like foods on it
0	A young man riding skis across a snow covered slope.
1	a happy man riding skis across a snow covered slope.
0	Young snowboarder on shallow slope with snow and others
1	happy snowboarder on shallow slope with snow and others
0	The skateboarder is jumping over a huge statue of a shoe.
0	Wow, that ramp in the park is a huge sneaker!
0	A young man on a skateboard jumps a huge tennis show in front of an old building.
1	the skateboarder is jumping over a tiny statue of a shoe.
1	wow, that ramp in the park is a tiny sneaker!
1	a happy man on a skateboard jumps a huge tennis show in front of an old building.
0	Four bowls sit on a blue table cloth and in the bowls are different types of food and vegetables.
1	four bowls sit on a blue table cloth and in the bowls are like types of food and vegetables.
0	A young man performs a trick on a skateboard.
1	a happy man performs a trick on a skateboard.
0	A man with long hair skateboarding at a beach park
1	a man with short hair skateboarding at a beach park
0	A young man in his skiing gear is posing for the camera.
0	A young skier holding his skis posing for a picture .
1	a happy man in his skiing gear is posing for the camera.
1	a happy skier holding his skis posing for a picture.
0	A pretty young lady riding a skateboard down a street.
1	a pretty happy lady riding a skateboard down a street.
0	The young man is holding his skateboard while walking.
1	the happy man is holding his skateboard while walking.
0	A person holding a long hot dog  with toppings.
1	a person holding a short hot dog with toppings.
0	A young lady is lighting the candle before eating her meal.
1	a happy lady is lighting the candle before eating her meal.
0	A  young skateboarder doing tricks by a building.
1	a happy skateboarder doing tricks by a building.
0	A snow boarder is preceded by his long shadow as he skis.
1	a snow boarder is preceded by his short shadow as he skis.
0	There is a man and a young girl snowboarding
0	A male skier is posing for the camera while a young girl is in the background.
1	there is a man and a happy girl snowboarding
1	a male skier is posing for the camera while a happy girl is in the background.
0	A young skier is attempting downhill in a driveway.
0	A young boy rides his board in the snow.
1	a happy skier is attempting downhill in a driveway.
1	a happy boy rides his board in the snow.
0	snowboarders with two different snowboards on a slope.
1	snowboarders with two like snowboards on a slope.
0	A young man having a great time riding a surfboard with a parasail.
1	a happy man having a great time riding a surfboard with a parasail.
0	The man is showing a box of different donuts.
1	the man is showing a box of like donuts.
0	A young boy in a baseball uniform throwing a ball.
1	a happy boy in a baseball uniform throwing a ball.
0	Can holding different types of chocolate next to a bottle of wine.
1	can holding like types of chocolate next to a bottle of wine.
0	A simple desert rests upon a scribbled topping.
1	a hard desert rests upon a scribbled topping.
0	The young woman is sitting next to the table holding a piece of cake and a cup of coffee.
1	the happy woman is sitting next to the table holding a piece of cake and a cup of coffee.
0	A man standing in an outdoor area surrounded by several plants and a surfboard.
1	a man standing in an indoor area surrounded by several plants and a surfboard.
0	Display of several different foods and drinks while outside
1	display of several like foods and drinks while outside
0	a group of young people playing soccer in a field
0	A group of young people kicking a soccer ball around a field.
1	a group of happy people playing soccer in a field
1	a group of happy people kicking a soccer ball around a field.
0	A beautiful blonde haired girl laying on a bed with very large breast.
0	A blonde woman lying on a mattress showing cleavage.
1	a ugly blonde haired girl laying on a bed with very large breast.
1	a brunette woman lying on a mattress showing cleavage.
0	A young man in a wetsuit surfing a mild wave.
1	a happy man in a wetsuit surfing a mild wave.
0	A surfer almost horizontal on the crest of a wave
1	a surfer almost perpendicular on the crest of a wave
0	Young girls playing soccer on an open field
1	happy girls playing soccer on an open field
0	A table topped with a smart phone next to a white bag.
0	A table with a happy birthday message holds several items that were probably birthday gifts.
1	a table topped with a dumb phone next to a white bag.
1	a table with a angry birthday message holds several items that were probably birthday gifts.
1	a table with a happy birthday message holds several items that were improbably birthday gifts.
0	A young man is relaxing outside with his surf boards.
1	a happy man is relaxing outside with his surf boards.
0	A talented young surfer riding a large wave.
1	a talented happy surfer riding a large wave.
0	A man slicing a cake with a long knife.
1	a man slicing a cake with a short knife.
0	A man in long shorts stands on rocks holding a surf board.
1	a man in short shorts stands on rocks holding a surf board.
0	a man in yellow surfing on the strong waves
1	a man in yellow surfing on the proud waves
0	Man surfing a wave on a dull day.
1	man surfing a wave on a funny day.
0	A young boy sitting on a bed in a bedroom.
0	a young boy sitting on a bed with a lamp on beside it
1	a happy boy sitting on a bed in a bedroom.
1	a happy boy sitting on a bed with a lamp on beside it
0	A beautiful young woman hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.
1	a ugly young woman hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.
0	A homemade pizza with a funny shape on a pan.
1	a homemade pizza with a dull shape on a pan.
0	A young many getting ready to serve a tennis ball on a clay court.
1	a happy many getting ready to serve a tennis ball on a clay court.
0	Young guy brushing his teeth in the mirror while girl in the back sprays her hair
0	Two young people are grooming themselves in a bathroom mirror.
1	happy guy brushing his teeth in the mirror while girl in the back sprays her hair
1	two happy people are grooming themselves in a bathroom mirror.
0	A smiling young woman brushing a young man's teeth.
1	a smiling happy woman brushing a young man's teeth.
0	A young woman gestures to the camera while on the phone.
1	a happy woman gestures to the camera while on the phone.
0	Two young men are playing the Wii system.
1	two happy men are playing the wii system.
0	A very young boy and girl holding Wii controllers playing a video game.
1	a very happy boy and girl holding wii controllers playing a video game.
0	A young boy with a bowl haircut holding  a Nintendo Wii controller.
0	A young boy standing in a living room with a video game controller.
0	A young boy holding a white game controller.
0	A young boy who is holding a video game controller.
1	a happy boy with a bowl haircut holding a nintendo wii controller.
1	a happy boy standing in a living room with a video game controller.
1	a happy boy holding a white game controller.
1	a happy boy who is holding a video game controller.
0	A full beautiful view of a computer screen in a room.
1	a full ugly view of a computer screen in a room.
0	Many people are kite surfing with different colored kites.
1	many people are kite surfing with like colored kites.
0	Several different kites flying over a parking lot.
1	several like kites flying over a parking lot.
0	long tables with black chairs behind them
1	short tables with black chairs behind them
0	a close up of a young person holding a baseball bat
0	A young boy posing for a picture with a baseball bat.
0	A young boy is smiling and holding a baseball bat.
1	a close up of a happy person holding a baseball bat
1	a happy boy posing for a picture with a baseball bat.
1	a happy boy is smiling and holding a baseball bat.
0	a young girl wearing a dress plays with a baseball bat
1	a happy girl wearing a dress plays with a baseball bat
0	Young siblings on the tennis court with their racquets
0	Two young children standing in a tennis court holding tennis gear.
0	two young children holding tennis rackets and a ball
1	happy siblings on the tennis court with their racquets
1	two happy children standing in a tennis court holding tennis gear.
1	two happy children holding tennis rackets and a ball
0	A young woman wearing mime makeup holding a racquet.
0	A man with a painted face and dressed like a woman plays tennis.
1	a happy woman wearing mime makeup holding a racquet.
1	a man with a unpainted face and dressed like a woman plays tennis.
0	A clear vase of simple flowers is sitting in a windowsill.
1	a clear vase of hard flowers is sitting in a windowsill.
0	A pile of stuffed and plush toy laying on a dirty field.
1	a pile of stuffed and plush toy laying on a cheap field.
0	A young woman holding a baby with a teddy bear on her lap.
1	a happy woman holding a baby with a teddy bear on her lap.
0	A group of people all working on laptop computers at a long table.
1	a group of people all working on laptop computers at a short table.
0	A beautiful view of a glass full of items.
0	A large glass table topped with different types of plants.
1	a ugly view of a glass full of items.
1	a large glass table topped with like types of plants.
0	A young man sitting in front of a laptop computer wearing headphones.
1	a happy man sitting in front of a laptop computer wearing headphones.
0	A young lady with a silly face is on her phone.
1	a happy lady with a silly face is on her phone.
0	Several different types of cell phones are shown here.
0	Four different types of cell phones sitting on a table.
0	A bunch of different cell phones sitting on a table
1	several like types of cell phones are shown here.
1	four like types of cell phones sitting on a table.
1	a bunch of like cell phones sitting on a table
0	A close up photo of a smart phone lit up.
1	a close up photo of a dumb phone lit up.
0	A beautiful woman standing on the side of a rad next to a street.
1	a ugly woman standing on the side of a rad next to a street.
0	Brand new, stainless steel, big, modern, residential refrigerator
1	brand new, stainless steel, big, ancient, residential refrigerator
0	A fridge is stocked with different types of food.
1	a fridge is stocked with like types of food.
0	An open refrigerator that is completely full of food and beverages.
1	an open refrigerator that is partially full of food and beverages.
0	A white refrigerator freezer sitting on a  hard wood floor.
1	a white refrigerator freezer sitting on a simple wood floor.
0	A young man is leaning down in front of the refrigerator.
1	a happy man is leaning down in front of the refrigerator.
0	a narrow fridge sitting next to a big window
1	a dirty fridge sitting next to a big window
0	Group of young people laughing in the kitchen.
1	group of happy people laughing in the kitchen.
0	a young girl brushing her hair in front of a curtain
0	Young girl combing the hair behind her head.
1	a happy girl brushing her hair in front of a curtain
1	happy girl combing the hair behind her head.
0	A beautiful woman standing in front of a bunch of teddy bears.
0	A smirking young woman surrounded by stuffed animals.
1	a ugly woman standing in front of a bunch of teddy bears.
1	a smirking happy woman surrounded by stuffed animals.
0	A display of antique pottery with ancient markings.
1	a display of antique pottery with modern markings.
0	A young person is holding a small dressed-up bear.
1	a happy person is holding a small dressed-up bear.
0	A young Asian child holds a teddy bear.
0	A young asian boy holding a teddy bear in a red sweater.
1	a happy asian child holds a teddy bear.
1	a happy asian boy holding a teddy bear in a red sweater.
0	there are three young children standing behind stuffed bears
1	there are three happy children standing behind stuffed bears
0	A child's hand props up three different small stuffed animals.
1	a child's hand props up three like small stuffed animals.
0	A young child holding a stuffed brown teddy bear.
1	a happy child holding a stuffed brown teddy bear.
0	a long table with people drinks and a red and white table cloth
1	a short table with people drinks and a red and white table cloth
0	A beautiful woman with nice breast standing next to a man.
1	a ugly woman with nice breast standing next to a man.
0	A group of young people engaged in a party setting.
1	a group of happy people engaged in a party setting.
0	A woman holding a smart phone next to a group of people.
1	a woman holding a dumb phone next to a group of people.
0	A man flies a kite with a long length of tail.
1	a man flies a kite with a short length of tail.
0	The woman is happy about her homemaking skills.
1	the woman is angry about her homemaking skills.
0	A painted white kitchen with a refrigerator and an automatic dish washer next to an oven stove.
1	a unpainted white kitchen with a refrigerator and an automatic dish washer next to an oven stove.
0	A beautiful woman sitting on top of a kitchen counter.
0	A young woman hangs up a poster in a kitchen.
1	a ugly woman sitting on top of a kitchen counter.
1	a happy woman hangs up a poster in a kitchen.
0	a small modern day house sits well lit
1	a small ancient day house sits well lit
0	A pristine modern bathroom, toilet, sink and bathtub.
1	a pristine ancient bathroom, toilet, sink and bathtub.
0	a beautiful, modern bathroom with a TV, chandelier and glass sinks.
1	a beautiful, ancient bathroom with a tv, chandelier and glass sinks.
0	A woman rides a bicycle down a narrow corridor in an indoor Asian market
0	there are many different stores along this long hallway
1	a woman rides a bicycle down a dirty corridor in an indoor asian market
1	there are many like stores along this long hallway
0	a young male riding a bicycle near a forest area
1	a happy male riding a bicycle near a forest area
0	A bathroom with a poster of an ugly face above the toilette.
1	a bathroom with a poster of an beautiful face above the toilette.
0	A bathroom is decorated in modern Japanese style
1	a bathroom is decorated in ancient japanese style
0	A modern restroom with a weird looking sink, toilet, and shower.
1	a ancient restroom with a weird looking sink, toilet, and shower.
0	A photo taken from within a car of a small street in a rural town
1	a photo taken from within a car of a small street in a urban town
0	a young kid stares inside of a toilet
1	a happy kid stares inside of a toilet
0	A game at an outdoor fair called "Ball In The Bog"
0	Commode sits on grass next to sign at outdoor event.
1	a game at an indoor fair called "ball in the bog"
1	commode sits on grass next to sign at indoor event.
0	A table display of different types of toilets.
1	a table display of like types of toilets.
0	An unusual Japanese bathroom with a toilet, urinal, and sink.
1	an usual japanese bathroom with a toilet, urinal, and sink.
0	A toilet is equipped with digital design for medical purposes.
1	a toilet is equipped with analog design for medical purposes.
0	A long motorcycle tram sitting on the side of a  road.
1	a short motorcycle tram sitting on the side of a road.
0	A bed sitting on top of a hard wood floor.
1	a bed sitting on top of a simple wood floor.
0	a beach with people and three different airplanes
1	a beach with people and three like airplanes
0	A small red couch in a long room
1	a small red couch in a short room
0	A car dashboard shows different gauges, speed, and mileage.
1	a car dashboard shows like gauges, speed, and mileage.
0	a giraffe in a bushy ground staring with his long neck
1	a giraffe in a bushy ground staring with his short neck
0	a long road with cars on both sides of it
1	a short road with cars on both sides of it
0	A beautiful woman sitting on a bench, looking at a cell phone.
1	a ugly woman sitting on a bench, looking at a cell phone.
0	A young giraffe standing in an open field.
1	a happy giraffe standing in an open field.
0	Two different giraffes standing around doing nothing.
1	two like giraffes standing around doing nothing.
0	A young boy standing on a field next to a giraffe.
1	a happy boy standing on a field next to a giraffe.
0	a long bus in a parking lot where there is a white car parked
1	a short bus in a parking lot where there is a white car parked
0	A man in red is walking down the long street.
1	a man in red is walking down the short street.
0	A young woman talks on the phone as she sits on a fire hydrant.
0	Different shots of a woman sitting on a pole with her feet on a hydrant on the phone.
1	a happy woman talks on the phone as she sits on a fire hydrant.
1	like shots of a woman sitting on a pole with her feet on a hydrant on the phone.
0	Four different colored sheep in motion in a group.
1	four like colored sheep in motion in a group.
0	A number of young people are enjoying themselves around a fountain, not far from a fire hydrant.
1	a number of happy people are enjoying themselves around a fountain, not far from a fire hydrant.
0	Two sexy young women sitting on a metal bench in front of flowers.
1	two sexy happy women sitting on a metal bench in front of flowers.
0	Photograph of an outdoor arena that looks neat.
1	photograph of an indoor arena that looks neat.
0	a cat playing with an outdoor plant with long grass on it
1	a cat playing with an outdoor plant with short grass on it
0	A young boy sitting on a blue toy tractor with sheep next to him and the shadows of people casting down on the ground next to him.
1	a happy boy sitting on a blue toy tractor with sheep next to him and the shadows of people casting down on the ground next to him.
0	The clock has pictures of different birds on the numbers.
0	The clock times are indicated by different bird species.
0	A wall clock with different birds as the numbers.
1	the clock has pictures of like birds on the numbers.
1	the clock times are indicated by like bird species.
1	a wall clock with like birds as the numbers.
0	Two young girls holding hands in front of giraffes
1	two happy girls holding hands in front of giraffes
0	The stuffed bear is wearing a hard hat and boots.
0	A teddy bear wearing a hard hat with his legs in some big muddy boots
0	A teddy bear is wearing a hard hat and some work boots.
1	the stuffed bear is wearing a simple hat and boots.
1	a teddy bear wearing a simple hat with his legs in some big muddy boots
1	a teddy bear is wearing a simple hat and some work boots.
0	A large trains travels past a river that contains several different boats
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large trains travels past a river that contains several like boats
1	a large narrow train on a steel track.
0	Two trains passing in different directions in a train yard.
0	Modern trains run along tracks in a rural area.
1	two trains passing in like directions in a train yard.
1	ancient trains run along tracks in a rural area.
0	Commuter train on tracks in rural area on clear day.
0	A long train going down the train track.
1	commuter train on tracks in urban area on clear day.
1	a short train going down the train track.
0	Many sheep are scattered around the field of short grass.
1	many sheep are scattered around the field of long grass.
0	A street sign post for North Oxford Kidlington.
1	a street sign post for south oxford kidlington.
0	A group of cakes on a sheet with a train theme saying Happy Birthday.
0	A birthday cake cut in different pieces sitting on a tray at a table.
0	A happy birthday cake with train cars on aluminum foil on wood grain surface.
1	a group of cakes on a sheet with a train theme saying angry birthday.
1	a birthday cake cut in like pieces sitting on a tray at a table.
1	a angry birthday cake with train cars on aluminum foil on wood grain surface.
0	There is a picture of a traffic sign with north and south arrows in the foreground and a graveyard in the back ground on a projectable slide.
1	there is a picture of a traffic sign with south and south arrows in the foreground and a graveyard in the back ground on a projectable slide.
0	A woman and young boy with umbrella hats in a kitchen
1	a woman and happy boy with umbrella hats in a kitchen
0	The sea bird is looking for potential prey.
1	the sea bird is looking for actual prey.
0	A short commuter train traveling along the train tracks with snow on the ground.
0	Eight car train passing through rural area in winter.
1	a long commuter train traveling along the train tracks with snow on the ground.
1	eight car train passing through urban area in winter.
0	A young lady on a skate board in the street.
0	A young lady is enjoying her time with her skateboard.
1	a happy lady on a skate board in the street.
1	a happy lady is enjoying her time with her skateboard.
0	HUGE RED TOY TRAIN FOR PEOPLE THAT'S DUSTED WITH SNOW
1	tiny red toy train for people that's dusted with snow
0	A long yellow and red train traveling down tracks.
0	A long train riding on train tracks through an empty field
1	a short yellow and red train traveling down tracks.
1	a short train riding on train tracks through an empty field
0	A pair of train carts making a transfer to a different set of tracks.
1	a pair of train carts making a transfer to a like set of tracks.
0	People are walking around outside a huge church.
1	people are walking around outside a tiny church.
0	This is a extremely long freight train heading south.
0	A long train is driving down the tracks.
1	this is a extremely short freight train heading south.
1	a short train is driving down the tracks.
0	A train traveling through a lush green rural countryside.
0	A different color train going down the train tracks.
0	A very long pretty train on the tracks.
1	a train traveling through a lush green urban countryside.
1	a like color train going down the train tracks.
1	a very narrow pretty train on the tracks.
0	A train pulls past an intersection in the rail in a rural area.
0	a long cargo train going down a track by some trees
1	a train pulls past an intersection in the rail in a urban area.
1	a short cargo train going down a track by some trees
0	A long train is driving away from a nuclear power plant.
1	a short train is driving away from a nuclear power plant.
0	An old train comes down a long train track.
1	an old train comes down a short train track.
0	there is a long train coming up the tracks
0	A long train moving down the rail road tracks .
1	there is a short train coming up the tracks
1	a short train moving down the rail road tracks.
0	A train traveling through a rural countryside with lots of trees.
1	a train traveling through a urban countryside with lots of trees.
0	A long train moving through a wooded area.
1	a short train moving through a wooded area.
0	A long yellow and green train traveling past a lot of trees.
0	A long green and yellow freight train on train tracks.
0	A long train of empty coal carriers joins the main rail line.
0	A long train moving on the tracks by a lake.
1	a short yellow and green train traveling past a lot of trees.
1	a short green and yellow freight train on train tracks.
1	a short train of empty coal carriers joins the main rail line.
1	a short train moving on the tracks by a lake.
0	The long train has a yellow and red engine and moves down the track.
1	the short train has a yellow and red engine and moves down the track.
0	A long train on a track next to another track.
1	a short train on a track next to another track.
0	a long train traveling  on some  railroad tracks
1	a short train traveling on some railroad tracks
0	A long train traveling along train tracks in a train yard.
1	a short train traveling along train tracks in a train yard.
0	A train travels through a rural area of a town
0	A train going down a long track next to the woods.
1	a train travels through a urban area of a town
1	a train going down a short track next to the woods.
0	A long train sitting on a straight section of track.
0	A long train riding down a rail road track.
1	a short train sitting on a straight section of track.
1	a short train riding down a rail road track.
0	A short black and yellow train is going down snowy tracks.
1	a long black and yellow train is going down snowy tracks.
0	Two kites designed like different animals being flown.
1	two kites designed like like animals being flown.
0	A beautiful woman laying on her stomach on top of a bed.
1	a ugly woman laying on her stomach on top of a bed.
0	The young brown calf stands alone in the grass.
0	A young calf looks into the camera outside its barn
1	the happy brown calf stands alone in the grass.
1	a happy calf looks into the camera outside its barn
0	A construction truck is in front of the huge building.
1	a construction truck is in front of the tiny building.
0	Small cow sitting on a milking machine in a dirty area.
1	small cow sitting on a milking machine in a cheap area.
0	Here is an image of an outdoor place.
1	here is an image of an indoor place.
0	Man putting on a giraffe patterned neck tie at an outdoor event
0	Man tying a giraffe-print necktie at an outdoor event.
1	man putting on a giraffe patterned neck tie at an indoor event
1	man tying a giraffe-print necktie at an indoor event.
0	A young person dressed in plaid with a red tie.
1	a happy person dressed in plaid with a red tie.
0	a close up of a person wearing a black short with a silver tie
1	a close up of a person wearing a black long with a silver tie
0	A man in a uniform with a long beard.
0	A man with a hat and a long beard is staring ahead.
1	a man in a uniform with a short beard.
1	a man with a hat and a short beard is staring ahead.
0	A man in formal business attire stands in an office and looks angry.
1	a man in formal business attire stands in an office and looks happy.
0	A man dressed in a long sleeve tshirt and tie with a hat  to the side.
1	a man dressed in a short sleeve tshirt and tie with a hat to the side.
0	A man and a woman pictured in outdoor light.
1	a man and a woman pictured in indoor light.
0	Several boats docked in a beautiful city harbor.
1	several boats docked in a ugly city harbor.
0	A woman holding a long handle behind her back, an industrial city and river in the background.
1	a woman holding a short handle behind her back, an industrial city and river in the background.
0	A beautiful woman holding a sword while wearing a tight white shirt.
1	a ugly woman holding a sword while wearing a tight white shirt.
0	Large colorful umbrellas cover an outdoor dining area.
1	large colorful umbrellas cover an indoor dining area.
0	A young boy with a tie playing in the dirt.
1	a happy boy with a tie playing in the dirt.
0	A young boy reaching into a bowl sitting on the ground.
1	a happy boy reaching into a bowl sitting on the ground.
0	A happy man in suit and tie sitting in a kitchen
1	a angry man in suit and tie sitting in a kitchen
0	A young man wearing a tie and a blue shirt.
0	a young boy is dressed in a shirt and tie
0	Wistful look on a young fellow dressed in blue shirt and tie.
1	a happy man wearing a tie and a blue shirt.
1	a happy boy is dressed in a shirt and tie
1	wistful look on a happy fellow dressed in blue shirt and tie.
0	Young people dressed in costume carry black umbrellas.
1	happy people dressed in costume carry black umbrellas.
0	A young elephant holds its trunk up to its mouth.
1	a happy elephant holds its trunk up to its mouth.
0	An elephant with short tusks stands alone in a sandy area.
1	an elephant with long tusks stands alone in a sandy area.
0	A mother elephant nuzzling her young, baby elephant.
1	a mother elephant nuzzling her happy, baby elephant.
0	A young girl using a cellphone while sitting next to luggage.
1	a happy girl using a cellphone while sitting next to luggage.
0	Dogs and cat sleeping on big comfortable couch.
1	dogs and cat sleeping on big uncomfortable couch.
0	A young elephant snuggling with a larger elephant
1	a happy elephant snuggling with a larger elephant
0	A pretty young lady holding an umbrella at night.
1	a pretty happy lady holding an umbrella at night.
0	Two young girls in sundresses under an umbrella.
1	two happy girls in sundresses under an umbrella.
0	A young boy stands holding a large umbrella.
1	a happy boy stands holding a large umbrella.
0	A young woman sits near three suitcases of luggage.
1	a happy woman sits near three suitcases of luggage.
0	a group of young men standing around a lush green field.
1	a group of happy men standing around a lush green field.
0	a woman in a short white skirt reaching for a ball.
1	a woman in a long white skirt reaching for a ball.
0	A young man holding a disc near a bridge over a river.
1	a happy man holding a disc near a bridge over a river.
0	These old pups have found the most comfortable place in the house
1	these old pups have found the most uncomfortable place in the house
0	Two different kids of animals grazing near a fence.
1	two like kids of animals grazing near a fence.
0	A dog with long fur looks out a window.
1	a dog with short fur looks out a window.
0	The group of young men is playing a game of Frisbee.
1	the group of happy men is playing a game of frisbee.
0	Four young men in an open field play frisbee.
0	A group of four young men wearing athletic clothing are playing Frisbee in a green mowed area near a fence and a building.
1	four happy men in an open field play frisbee.
1	a group of four happy men wearing athletic clothing are playing frisbee in a green mowed area near a fence and a building.
0	A group of young, smiling children are gathered around a dog.
1	a group of happy, smiling children are gathered around a dog.
0	The young man leapt through the air to reach the Frisbee before anyone else could get near it.
1	the happy man leapt through the air to reach the frisbee before anyone else could get near it.
0	Two young men wearing glasses holding a white frisbee.
1	two happy men wearing glasses holding a white frisbee.
0	A bunch of young men walking on a field.
1	a bunch of happy men walking on a field.
0	Young men are playing soccer on the grass.
1	happy men are playing soccer on the grass.
0	A pretty young lady tossing a blue frisbee.
1	a pretty happy lady tossing a blue frisbee.
0	A couple of young men playing a game of frisbee.
1	a couple of happy men playing a game of frisbee.
0	Boys leaping for a Frisbee during an outdoor athletic event
1	boys leaping for a frisbee during an indoor athletic event
0	THIS IS A BEAUTIFUL PICTURE OF A MOMMY AND BABY ZEBRA
1	this is a ugly picture of a mommy and baby zebra
0	Zebra and other wildlife standing together in an outdoor area that has tall grass, trees and bushes.
0	A group of zebras waiting around in some long grass.
1	zebra and other wildlife standing together in an indoor area that has tall grass, trees and bushes.
1	a group of zebras waiting around in some short grass.
0	Two zebras graze in a field of short grass.
1	two zebras graze in a field of long grass.
0	A young zebra walking around their pen in the zoo.
1	a happy zebra walking around their pen in the zoo.
0	Two horses are grazing in an enclosed area with  short grass that's bordered one one side by a section of shaggy grass and at the far end by a line of tall trees under a blue sky.
1	two horses are grazing in an enclosed area with long grass that's bordered one one side by a section of shaggy grass and at the far end by a line of tall trees under a blue sky.
0	A young mule on an open field with green grass and trees
1	a happy mule on an open field with green grass and trees
0	An assortment of different fruits laying in two rows on a tray
1	an assortment of like fruits laying in two rows on a tray
0	a outside produce market with different fruit and vegetables
0	An outdoor market selling a variety of fruits.
1	a outside produce market with like fruit and vegetables
1	an indoor market selling a variety of fruits.
0	A young man is cooking various foods on a stove.
1	a happy man is cooking various foods on a stove.
0	A market has a wide assortment of different fruits.
1	a market has a wide assortment of like fruits.
0	An adult teaching a young person how to ski in the mountains
0	a young person and an adult wearing skis
1	an adult teaching a happy person how to ski in the mountains
1	a happy person and an adult wearing skis
0	a man on skis showing a young child how to ski
1	a man on skis showing a happy child how to ski
0	Pictures of different types of prepared food containing beans.
0	Different types of foods and vegetables side by side.
0	three different pictures of bean salad on a plate
1	pictures of like types of prepared food containing beans.
1	like types of foods and vegetables side by side.
1	three like pictures of bean salad on a plate
0	A blue plate topped with lots of different foods.
1	a blue plate topped with lots of like foods.
0	Three small dishes have different kinds of vegetables.
1	three small dishes have like kinds of vegetables.
0	A young man crouches on his skateboards on some steps.
0	A young boy riding a skate board down some stairs.
1	a happy man crouches on his skateboards on some steps.
1	a happy boy riding a skate board down some stairs.
0	An open white fridge revealing different food inside.
1	an open white fridge revealing like food inside.
0	A woman in a short red dress is holding her skateboard while getting food from a take out window.
1	a woman in a long red dress is holding her skateboard while getting food from a take out window.
0	there is a large red plate with lots of broccoli and different meats
1	there is a large red plate with lots of broccoli and like meats
0	The young boy is practicing his tricks on his skateboard.
1	the happy boy is practicing his tricks on his skateboard.
0	A plate that has different kinds of food on it.
0	A pile of different types of food sitting next to each other.
1	a plate that has like kinds of food on it.
1	a pile of like types of food sitting next to each other.
0	A picture of a coffee cup and a smart phone on a table.
0	A cup sitting next to a smart phone.
1	a picture of a coffee cup and a dumb phone on a table.
1	a cup sitting next to a dumb phone.
0	A young man riding a skateboard on top of a skate park.
0	A young man bending down ridding a skateboard.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard on top of a skate park.
1	a happy man bending down ridding a skateboard.
0	A group of young children riding skateboards in a building.
0	A group of young skateboarders  wearing helmets and knee pads
1	a group of happy children riding skateboards in a building.
1	a group of happy skateboarders wearing helmets and knee pads
0	a very young man flying very high when skating
0	A young man doing jumps using his skateboard
1	a very happy man flying very high when skating
1	a happy man doing jumps using his skateboard
0	Young man skate boarding on railing in urban setting.
1	happy man skate boarding on railing in urban setting.
0	A young man wearing a beanie hat rides a skateboard down a railing next to stairs.
1	a happy man wearing a beanie hat rides a skateboard down a railing next to stairs.
0	A young man on a skateboard doing tricks
0	Young male riding a skateboard performing a trick
1	a happy man on a skateboard doing tricks
1	happy male riding a skateboard performing a trick
0	Relics are positioned on glass shelves with a digital piece.
1	relics are positioned on glass shelves with a analog piece.
0	A young man in glasses is eating a carrot.
1	a happy man in glasses is eating a carrot.
0	A young man is performing a skateboard trick while smoking.
1	a happy man is performing a skateboard trick while smoking.
0	This table is filled with a variety of different dishes.
1	this table is filled with a variety of like dishes.
0	A young man riding through the air on a  skateboard.
1	a happy man riding through the air on a skateboard.
0	A young man jumping in the air on a skateboard.
1	a happy man jumping in the air on a skateboard.
0	A man is posing for the camera holding his huge hot dog.
1	a man is posing for the camera holding his tiny hot dog.
0	A white paper plate topped with three different breakfast foods.
1	a white paper plate topped with three like breakfast foods.
0	A young man with sideburns and a striped shirt is shoving a whole cupcake into his mouth.
1	a happy man with sideburns and a striped shirt is shoving a whole cupcake into his mouth.
0	A grilled sandwich including vegetables is arranged on a long plate.
0	TWO CHEESE SANDWICHES ARE KEPT ON DIFFERENT PLATES.
1	a grilled sandwich including vegetables is arranged on a short plate.
1	two cheese sandwiches are kept on like plates.
0	A couple of displays with many different doughnuts.
1	a couple of displays with many like doughnuts.
0	This is a display of different colorful products
1	this is a display of like colorful products
0	A woman is happy as she checks out her little bowl of food.
1	a woman is angry as she checks out her little bowl of food.
0	A young man holding a surfboard on a beach next to the ocean.
1	a happy man holding a surfboard on a beach next to the ocean.
0	A young girl holding a large surf board in the ocean
1	a happy girl holding a large surf board in the ocean
0	A man and a young girl choosing between two cakes.
1	a man and a happy girl choosing between two cakes.
0	A black plate with an uncut cake and a server.
1	a black plate with an trimmed cake and a server.
0	A beautiful bride cutting a wedding cake with her husband.
1	a ugly bride cutting a wedding cake with her husband.
0	A bed with different color stuff toys inthe bed
1	a bed with like color stuff toys inthe bed
0	A young man is laying across a large bed.
1	a happy man is laying across a large bed.
0	A sad, young girl sits on her bed, moping.
0	A young woman in a black shirt sitting down.
1	a sad, happy girl sits on her bed, moping.
1	a happy woman in a black shirt sitting down.
0	two young boys walking around with a surfboard.
0	Two young boys carrying red and white surfboard.
1	two happy boys walking around with a surfboard.
1	two happy boys carrying red and white surfboard.
0	A young boy is body surfing in the ocean.
0	A young boy riding a surfboard on a wave.
0	a young person riding a surf board in a body of water
1	a happy boy is body surfing in the ocean.
1	a happy boy riding a surfboard on a wave.
1	a happy person riding a surf board in a body of water
0	A young man with helmet trying to navigate through water with a paddle
1	a happy man with helmet trying to navigate through water with a paddle
0	A group of young women learning to surf.
1	a group of happy women learning to surf.
0	A group of young men standing around a laptop computer.
1	a group of happy men standing around a laptop computer.
0	an office with a long counter and many shelves
0	A small yellow office with a tiny computer.
1	an office with a short counter and many shelves
1	a small yellow office with a huge computer.
0	Angry tennis player performing on a clay court.
1	happy tennis player performing on a clay court.
0	A group of young women getting food from a table.
0	A line of young girls at a buffet table
0	Children in line selecting pizza from different pans.
1	a group of happy women getting food from a table.
1	a line of happy girls at a buffet table
1	children in line selecting pizza from like pans.
0	A package of five different colored toothbrushes hanging from a rack.
0	There are five different colored toothbrushes in the package.
1	a package of five like colored toothbrushes hanging from a rack.
1	there are five like colored toothbrushes in the package.
0	Man, woman, and child brushing their teeth with different brushes.
1	man, woman, and child brushing their teeth with like brushes.
0	A young boy is holding a game controller in front of a seated group of people.
1	a happy boy is holding a game controller in front of a seated group of people.
0	A man with long brown hair and beard who is brushing his teeth.
1	a man with short brown hair and beard who is brushing his teeth.
0	A beautiful woman sitting in front of a piano in a living room.
1	a ugly woman sitting in front of a piano in a living room.
0	The living room in a modern house with two story windows
1	the living room in a ancient house with two story windows
0	A man and a woman watch as a young man plays video games.
1	a man and a woman watch as a happy man plays video games.
0	An unusual black and green computer keyboard besdie some books.
1	an usual black and green computer keyboard besdie some books.
0	A homey comfortable room with sun streaming through a window.
1	a homey uncomfortable room with sun streaming through a window.
0	A very pretty young lady doing some shopping.
0	Young lady in a store of purses and shoes.
0	A young woman in a blue tank top browses in  a shoe store.
1	a very pretty happy lady doing some shopping.
1	happy lady in a store of purses and shoes.
1	a happy woman in a blue tank top browses in a shoe store.
0	A young girl flying her kite on a beach.
0	A young girl is flying a kite on the beach
1	a happy girl flying her kite on a beach.
1	a happy girl is flying a kite on the beach
0	A lone kite flier on the sand has a beautiful view.
1	a lone kite flier on the sand has a ugly view.
0	The two young people are heading toward the water.
1	the two happy people are heading toward the water.
0	A young girl flies a kite in a blue sky.
0	A young girl flying a kite in a blue sky.
0	Young girl flying kite on bright sunny day.
1	a happy girl flies a kite in a blue sky.
1	a happy girl flying a kite in a blue sky.
1	happy girl flying kite on bright sunny day.
0	A young woman is flying a kite at the beach.
0	A young girl is flying a kite on a beach.
1	a happy woman is flying a kite at the beach.
1	a happy girl is flying a kite on a beach.
0	People in a field flying different styles of kites.
1	people in a field flying like styles of kites.
0	An older man standing next to a garage and a young boy.
0	The young child is taking a swing at a ball thrown by an elderly man.
1	an older man standing next to a garage and a happy boy.
1	the happy child is taking a swing at a ball thrown by an elderly man.
0	A young boy swings a plastic bat while wearing a large helmet.
0	A young child in a khaki pants and a hitting helmet, holding a small baseball bat while standing in the grass.
1	a happy boy swings a plastic bat while wearing a large helmet.
1	a happy child in a khaki pants and a hitting helmet, holding a small baseball bat while standing in the grass.
0	A young boy hitting a ball in a yard with a bat.
0	a young child swinging a baseball bat
0	The young boy is swinging the bat outside.
1	a happy boy hitting a ball in a yard with a bat.
1	a happy child swinging a baseball bat
1	the happy boy is swinging the bat outside.
0	A man in short shorts standing next to a beautiful woman.
1	a man in long shorts standing next to a beautiful woman.
0	A young girl is watching a movie of some sorts on a flat screen.
1	a happy girl is watching a movie of some sorts on a flat screen.
0	Two young children sitting next to a teddy bear.
0	Two young children sitting on an indoor swing next to a large teddy bear.
0	two young children sitting in a chair by a big teddy bear
1	two happy children sitting next to a teddy bear.
1	two happy children sitting on an indoor swing next to a large teddy bear.
1	two happy children sitting in a chair by a big teddy bear
0	A group of young person sitting in a hall.
1	a group of happy person sitting in a hall.
0	Young people are sitting along one side of a huge conference table.
1	happy people are sitting along one side of a huge conference table.
0	A display case of three different wooden combs.
1	a display case of three like wooden combs.
0	Carefully sculpted pieces of wood in a display case.
1	carelessly sculpted pieces of wood in a display case.
0	A young man taking a selfie with an iPhone wearing a tie.
1	a happy man taking a selfie with an iphone wearing a tie.
0	A kitchen with multiple cups of different colors such as blue, white, and red.
1	a kitchen with multiple cups of like colors such as blue, white, and red.
0	Some small action figures displayed near a dirty blender.
1	some small action figures displayed near a cheap blender.
0	A man sitting at a table using a smart phone.
1	a man sitting at a table using a dumb phone.
0	A woman wearing a pink hat while she is holding up a smart phone.
0	Young woman taking a picture off in distance.
1	a woman wearing a pink hat while she is holding up a dumb phone.
1	happy woman taking a picture off in distance.
0	Fashionable young woman talking on her cell phone
1	fashionable happy woman talking on her cell phone
0	A sexy young lady with red hair walking on a sidewalk.
1	a sexy happy lady with red hair walking on a sidewalk.
0	young woman poses next to her refrigerator.
1	happy woman poses next to her refrigerator.
0	Two young children playing in a living room
1	two happy children playing in a living room
0	A huge clock tower is seen in the middle of the town.
1	a tiny clock tower is seen in the middle of the town.
0	A large painted clock tower in the middle of town
1	a large unpainted clock tower in the middle of town
0	A young boy sitting on top of a wooden chair.
1	a happy boy sitting on top of a wooden chair.
0	A pair of young girls hugging posing for a picture.
1	a pair of happy girls hugging posing for a picture.
0	Various different glasses that are sitting on a table.
0	Glasses are lined up on a table at an outdoor dinner.
1	various like glasses that are sitting on a table.
1	glasses are lined up on a table at an indoor dinner.
0	Older man questioning employee for different wines in store.
0	People are looking are different products in a store.
1	older man questioning employee for like wines in store.
1	people are looking are like products in a store.
0	A long black train traveling past a graffiti covered wall.
0	A train yard with multiple sets of tracks and various train engines and cars on the different tracks.
1	a short black train traveling past a graffiti covered wall.
1	a train yard with multiple sets of tracks and various train engines and cars on the like tracks.
0	A young man standing in front of a Canon store.
0	This young man is Canon salesperson and he is standing in front of glasses cabinet with Canon products.
0	A young man working in a camera shop selling lenses
1	a happy man standing in front of a canon store.
1	this happy man is canon salesperson and he is standing in front of glasses cabinet with canon products.
1	a happy man working in a camera shop selling lenses
0	A modern style wooden kitchen with multi layered counters.
1	a ancient style wooden kitchen with multi layered counters.
0	A little girl is making a huge mess with a birthday cake.
0	A young baby is eating and playing with some cake.
1	a little girl is making a tiny mess with a birthday cake.
1	a happy baby is eating and playing with some cake.
0	A young child eating cake with pink and white frosting on a high chair.
0	Young child enjoys a deathly meal for dinner
1	a happy child eating cake with pink and white frosting on a high chair.
1	happy child enjoys a deathly meal for dinner
0	A young beautiful woman sitting on a floor next to a black dog.
1	a happy beautiful woman sitting on a floor next to a black dog.
0	Two long metal tables sitting inside of a kitchen.
1	two short metal tables sitting inside of a kitchen.
0	A man in a tropical print shirt with glasses and long hair is eating a banana.
1	a man in a tropical print shirt with glasses and short hair is eating a banana.
0	A dirty kitchen floor with soot on the tiles.
1	a cheap kitchen floor with soot on the tiles.
0	Rows of gray and black keyboards make up several different pictures.
0	Many different images of different computer keyboards with someones hand on two of the pictures.
0	A collection of different styles of keyboard that is on display.
0	A group of pictures showing different angles of a keyboard.
1	rows of gray and black keyboards make up several like pictures.
1	many like images of different computer keyboards with someones hand on two of the pictures.
1	a collection of like styles of keyboard that is on display.
1	a group of pictures showing like angles of a keyboard.
0	Modern kitchen with counter and cabinet and hardwood floors.
1	ancient kitchen with counter and cabinet and hardwood floors.
0	Modern kitchen facility in open space with large counters.
1	ancient kitchen facility in open space with large counters.
0	A room filled with different types of items all around.
0	A modern kitchen has an abundance of counter space.
1	a room filled with like types of items all around.
1	a ancient kitchen has an abundance of counter space.
0	A narrow kitchen with a white stove top oven.
0	A long galley kitchen with cabinets on both sides
0	a long narrow kitchen with cups in the sink
1	a dirty kitchen with a white stove top oven.
1	a short galley kitchen with cabinets on both sides
1	a short narrow kitchen with cups in the sink
0	A window showing a beautiful landscape outside during the day.
1	a window showing a ugly landscape outside during the day.
0	A man on a skateboard rides down a narrow road.
1	a man on a skateboard rides down a dirty road.
0	A young man with frizzy hair sits on a skateboard.
0	The young man is sitting on his skateboard in the middle of the field with a pensive expression.
0	A young man with an afro sitting on a skateboard in a dirt field.
1	a happy man with frizzy hair sits on a skateboard.
1	the happy man is sitting on his skateboard in the middle of the field with a pensive expression.
1	a happy man with an afro sitting on a skateboard in a dirt field.
0	A young child stands in the kitchen with an adult.
1	a happy child stands in the kitchen with an adult.
0	A young man holds the bridle of a large cow in a grass field.
1	a happy man holds the bridle of a large cow in a grass field.
0	An empty modern kitchen is lit at night
1	an empty ancient kitchen is lit at night
0	A modern room with bright lights and cabinets.
1	a ancient room with bright lights and cabinets.
0	two different kinds of lights in a bath room.
1	two like kinds of lights in a bath room.
0	A shower with a hard curtain in a clean bathroom.
1	a shower with a simple curtain in a clean bathroom.
0	A dimly lit modern bathroom with some clothes and towels hanging by the shower.
1	a dimly lit ancient bathroom with some clothes and towels hanging by the shower.
0	Modern sinks in a green, modern looking bathroom.
1	ancient sinks in a green, modern looking bathroom.
0	A young girl in her bathroom makes ponytail hair
1	a happy girl in her bathroom makes ponytail hair
0	A modern hotel bathroom with double sinks and a deep bath
1	a ancient hotel bathroom with double sinks and a deep bath
0	A person is standing over a dirty toilet in a bathroom stall.
0	Someone is standing over a dirty toilet.
1	a person is standing over a cheap toilet in a bathroom stall.
1	someone is standing over a cheap toilet.
0	A group of young people riding motorcycles down a street.
1	a group of happy people riding motorcycles down a street.
0	Young women having a cigarette in their back yard
1	happy women having a cigarette in their back yard
0	The desk is simple and so is the computer on it
1	the desk is hard and so is the computer on it
0	A desk is shown with a modern desk chair.
1	a desk is shown with a ancient desk chair.
0	A man on a motorcycle carrying a bundle of long sticks.
1	a man on a motorcycle carrying a bundle of short sticks.
0	A narrow, one-lane street and a stoplight by a low wall
1	a dirty, one-lane street and a stoplight by a low wall
0	The long legs of a giraffe are casting a shadow.
1	the short legs of a giraffe are casting a shadow.
0	Man standing overtop of a long series of white sheep.
1	man standing overtop of a short series of white sheep.
0	Young girls sitting outside on a red wooden bench.
1	happy girls sitting outside on a red wooden bench.
0	a long necked giraffe raises its head in the sky
1	a short necked giraffe raises its head in the sky
0	Two people in running attire rest on long benches.
1	two people in running attire rest on short benches.
0	A long blue and white train traveling down a street.
1	a short blue and white train traveling down a street.
0	A very unusual looking bus is parked in the back
1	a very usual looking bus is parked in the back
0	A long yellow bus advertising a musical play
1	a short yellow bus advertising a musical play
0	The young boy is looking intently into the camera.
0	A young boy laying on top of a bench next to a tree.
1	the happy boy is looking intently into the camera.
1	a happy boy laying on top of a bench next to a tree.
0	A woman holding a young child in her arms.
0	A woman holding a young child looking at some giraffes
1	a woman holding a happy child in her arms.
1	a woman holding a happy child looking at some giraffes
0	A female sheep with her two young lambs.
0	An adult lamb is flanked by two young lambs.
1	a female sheep with her two happy lambs.
1	an adult lamb is flanked by two happy lambs.
0	A long fire plug stands some distance away from the building.
1	a short fire plug stands some distance away from the building.
0	A woman sits on a bench while holding a young baby.
0	a young woman sits on a bench with a small child
1	a woman sits on a bench while holding a happy baby.
1	a happy woman sits on a bench with a small child
0	a long wooden dock having a bench and some people on it
0	The man is sitting on a huge bench on a board walk.
1	a short wooden dock having a bench and some people on it
1	the man is sitting on a tiny bench on a board walk.
0	An old green two level bus on a narrow street.
1	an old green two level bus on a dirty street.
0	An old-fashioned green and yellow bus is driving a scenic route on a narrow road.
1	an old-fashioned green and yellow bus is driving a scenic route on a dirty road.
0	There is a green bus on a narrow street
0	A bus driver maneuvers his bus down a narrow roadway
1	there is a green bus on a dirty street
1	a bus driver maneuvers his bus down a dirty roadway
0	A young giraffe peers inquisitively at the photographer.
1	a happy giraffe peers inquisitively at the photographer.
0	A tiny bird is perched on the top of this book.
1	a huge bird is perched on the top of this book.
0	a bird  with a long beak flying low over the ocean.
1	a bird with a short beak flying low over the ocean.
0	a street some cars a traffic light and different signs
1	a street some cars a traffic light and like signs
0	The weatherman is reporting about the strong hurricane.
1	the weatherman is reporting about the proud hurricane.
0	a long train that is on a train track
0	A Grand Central train parked on the tracks
1	a short train that is on a train track
1	a grand peripheral train parked on the tracks
0	A beautiful young lady walking a black and white dog past a hotel.
1	a ugly young lady walking a black and white dog past a hotel.
0	A red train traveling through a rural countryside.
1	a red train traveling through a urban countryside.
0	A beautiful black, white and blue bird sitting on a branch.
1	a ugly black, white and blue bird sitting on a branch.
0	A long silver train sitting inside of a train station.
1	a short silver train sitting inside of a train station.
0	A picture of an outdoor area that looks great.
1	a picture of an indoor area that looks great.
0	A train drives down a narrow track by a rocky mountain.
1	a train drives down a dirty track by a rocky mountain.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	Lit traffic signs are displaying words regarding different roads.
1	lit traffic signs are displaying words regarding like roads.
0	A modern subway train is lit up at night.
1	a ancient subway train is lit up at night.
0	A train traveling down tracks out in a rural country area.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a train traveling down tracks out in a urban country area.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	The Grand Central train parked at the train station.
0	The Grand Central Railroad at the station, preparing for it's next trip
1	the grand peripheral train parked at the train station.
1	the grand peripheral railroad at the station, preparing for it's next trip
0	A young boy admiring a toy railroad display.
0	A young boy watching a model train display
1	a happy boy admiring a toy railroad display.
1	a happy boy watching a model train display
0	A sleek modern train pulls up to a station where people are waiting.
1	a sleek ancient train pulls up to a station where people are waiting.
0	a long red passenger train sitting on the tracks
1	a short red passenger train sitting on the tracks
0	A parking meter decorated with different colors of paper.
0	A parking meter with a set of different colored papers wrapped around it.
0	The parking meter is decorated in different colors.
1	a parking meter decorated with like colors of paper.
1	a parking meter with a set of like colored papers wrapped around it.
1	the parking meter is decorated in like colors.
0	a dirty mattress lying in an overgrown lot in front of a vandalized truck
1	a cheap mattress lying in an overgrown lot in front of a vandalized truck
0	many different animals on a near beach near the water
1	many like animals on a near beach near the water
0	Black cat sleeping on a comfortable looking bedspread.
1	black cat sleeping on a uncomfortable looking bedspread.
0	A cow with a blackened face and short horns looking down.
1	a cow with a blackened face and long horns looking down.
0	A rural landscape with a dirt road and a cow standing on the roadside.
1	a urban landscape with a dirt road and a cow standing on the roadside.
0	A green truck moving a long on a road.
1	a green truck moving a short on a road.
0	A man is showing a tie emblem at an outdoor event.
1	a man is showing a tie emblem at an indoor event.
0	An elephant in the middle of a dirty street
1	an elephant in the middle of a cheap street
0	A group of ties with different patterns are bunched together.
0	Many different neck ties of different colors and designs are arranged together.
0	An assortment of different colored ties lined up on a white table cloth.
1	a group of ties with like patterns are bunched together.
1	many like neck ties of different colors and designs are arranged together.
1	an assortment of like colored ties lined up on a white table cloth.
0	A young woman in boots and a long skirt poses on a chair.
0	A beautiful blonde woman sitting in a  chair while wearing boots.
1	a happy woman in boots and a long skirt poses on a chair.
1	a ugly blonde woman sitting in a chair while wearing boots.
0	Three images of a male doll wearing a shirt in three different fashions.
1	three images of a male doll wearing a shirt in three like fashions.
0	three photos of a male doll slowly getting undressed
1	three photos of a male doll quickly getting undressed
0	A young man is trying outfits on a mannequin.
1	a happy man is trying outfits on a mannequin.
0	A sharply dressed young boy standing next to a sticker wall.
1	a sharply dressed happy boy standing next to a sticker wall.
0	A young girl jumping into the air while holding an umbrella.
0	A young girl wearing shorts leaps into the air while holding an umbrella.
1	a happy girl jumping into the air while holding an umbrella.
1	a happy girl wearing shorts leaps into the air while holding an umbrella.
0	Happy people are dressed up and holding umbrellas.
1	angry people are dressed up and holding umbrellas.
0	A formally dressed young man is posing for the camera.
0	A young man in a suit and tie standing in front of a curtain.
1	a formally dressed happy man is posing for the camera.
1	a happy man in a suit and tie standing in front of a curtain.
1	a informally dressed young man is posing for the camera.
0	A young man in cap and gown smiles next to his fellow graduates.
1	a happy man in cap and gown smiles next to his fellow graduates.
0	Young man wearing shirt open in front with a tie draped around the collar.
1	happy man wearing shirt open in front with a tie draped around the collar.
0	A pretty young lady holding a briefcase in front of maps on a wall.
0	A young business woman holds her brief case while looking at the camera.
1	a pretty happy lady holding a briefcase in front of maps on a wall.
1	a happy business woman holds her brief case while looking at the camera.
0	An adult elephant is with two young elephants.
1	an adult elephant is with two happy elephants.
0	A simple white suitcase sitting on a grey floor.
1	a hard white suitcase sitting on a grey floor.
0	Twenty various pictures of a small dog doing different things.
1	twenty various pictures of a small dog doing like things.
0	a young man pushes a dog standing on a skate board
1	a happy man pushes a dog standing on a skate board
0	A beautiful woman holding an umbrella over her head.
0	A small part of a yard shows a fence, grass, and a woman standing cross-legged under a big umbrella with light playing over it, inside what looks like an assemblage of long metal struts going upwards.
1	a ugly woman holding an umbrella over her head.
1	a small part of a yard shows a fence, grass, and a woman standing cross-legged under a big umbrella with light playing over it, inside what looks like an assemblage of short metal struts going upwards.
0	A woman is walking by an outdoor market
1	a woman is walking by an indoor market
0	Dog lying indolently underneath a modern wooden chair
1	dog lying indolently underneath a ancient wooden chair
0	A young man throwing a white frisbee on a beach.
1	a happy man throwing a white frisbee on a beach.
0	Man holding flying disc at outdoor event with children nearby.
1	man holding flying disc at indoor event with children nearby.
0	a large hers of zebras all facing different directions
1	a large hers of zebras all facing like directions
0	A man sits near a young boy who attends to a huge stack of bananas.
0	there is a young boy that is picking green bananas
1	a man sits near a happy boy who attends to a huge stack of bananas.
1	there is a happy boy that is picking green bananas
0	Young man in orange jersey throwing a baseball.
0	A young baseball player is on the field with a mitt.
1	happy man in orange jersey throwing a baseball.
1	a happy baseball player is on the field with a mitt.
0	Two young people on ski mountain looking unenthused about the sport.
1	two happy people on ski mountain looking unenthused about the sport.
0	A young baseball player winds up for a pitch.
0	A young boy throws a pitch during a little league game.
0	A young kid wearing a baseball uniform throwing a baseball.
0	A  young baseball player throwing out a pitch
1	a happy baseball player winds up for a pitch.
1	a happy boy throws a pitch during a little league game.
1	a happy kid wearing a baseball uniform throwing a baseball.
1	a happy baseball player throwing out a pitch
0	Different types of cut vegetables on a serving tray with small plates stacked next to it.
1	like types of cut vegetables on a serving tray with small plates stacked next to it.
0	A young man flying through the air with a skate board near a ramp.
1	a happy man flying through the air with a skate board near a ramp.
0	A young man is skateboarding down a street while several people watch him.
1	a happy man is skateboarding down a street while several people watch him.
0	A young child sitting on a kitchen counter next to some sliced apples.
0	A young child is sitting on top of the kitchen counter.
1	a happy child sitting on a kitchen counter next to some sliced apples.
1	a happy child is sitting on top of the kitchen counter.
0	Young girl eating chips on the kitchen counter top
1	happy girl eating chips on the kitchen counter top
0	A young lady in a black dress with high heeled sandals is on a yellow skateboard.
1	a happy lady in a black dress with high heeled sandals is on a yellow skateboard.
0	A young man skateboards on a quarter pipe ramp.
1	a happy man skateboards on a quarter pipe ramp.
0	Young skateboarder going down a paved slope in front of onlookers.
1	happy skateboarder going down a paved slope in front of onlookers.
0	A young boy riding a skateboard across a brick street.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard across a brick street.
0	A young man riding down a hand rail on a skateboard.
0	A young man on a skateboard sliding up a handrail.
1	a happy man riding down a hand rail on a skateboard.
1	a happy man on a skateboard sliding up a handrail.
0	a young kid performs a grind trick on a skateboard
1	a happy kid performs a grind trick on a skateboard
0	A young man wearing a white tank top stands on his skateboard in a park.
0	A young man is standing on a skate board in a skate park.
0	A young man is skating on a skateboard at a park.
1	a happy man wearing a white tank top stands on his skateboard in a park.
1	a happy man is standing on a skate board in a skate park.
1	a happy man is skating on a skateboard at a park.
0	A young child playing with his toy atop a skateboard.
1	a happy child playing with his toy atop a skateboard.
0	A young bearded man holding a partially eaten hot dog.
1	a happy bearded man holding a partially eaten hot dog.
1	a young bearded man holding a altogether eaten hot dog.
0	The woman is eating a hotdog with a very long wiener.
0	A young lady is eating a hotdog that curls up.
0	A woman that is eating an extra long hot dog.
1	the woman is eating a hotdog with a very short wiener.
1	a happy lady is eating a hotdog that curls up.
1	a woman that is eating an extra short hot dog.
0	A young man skating on some stairs in a pavement
1	a happy man skating on some stairs in a pavement
0	A young boy who is laying on a skateboard.
0	A young child laying on top of a skateboard.
0	A young boy laying on top of a skateboard.
1	a happy boy who is laying on a skateboard.
1	a happy child laying on top of a skateboard.
1	a happy boy laying on top of a skateboard.
0	A young man is eating on a street side walk.
1	a happy man is eating on a street side walk.
0	Three young people on skis pose for a picture.
1	three happy people on skis pose for a picture.
0	A young boy eating a sandwich in a wrapper.
1	a happy boy eating a sandwich in a wrapper.
0	A young man is holding his snowboard in the snow.
0	A man in outdoor winter clothes holds a snowboard.
1	a happy man is holding his snowboard in the snow.
1	a man in indoor winter clothes holds a snowboard.
0	A box full of different kinds of doughnuts.
0	a white box with different kinds of donuts
0	there is a box of different flavored donuts
1	a box full of like kinds of doughnuts.
1	a white box with like kinds of donuts
1	there is a box of like flavored donuts
0	Young girl eating a chocolate pastry while sitting.
1	happy girl eating a chocolate pastry while sitting.
0	A young person sitting on a wakeboard while holding an oar.
1	a happy person sitting on a wakeboard while holding an oar.
0	A table topped with lots of different foods and sandwiches.
1	a table topped with lots of like foods and sandwiches.
0	a young boy in a high chair with food in his mouth
1	a happy boy in a high chair with food in his mouth
0	A young boy catches a soccer ball in his house
1	a happy boy catches a soccer ball in his house
0	Blonde girls on a bus hold deflated soccer balls as a brown haired girl sits in the row of seats in front of them.
1	brunette girls on a bus hold deflated soccer balls as a brown haired girl sits in the row of seats in front of them.
0	A little girl standing in front an assortment of cakes with different colors on her face.
1	a little girl standing in front an assortment of cakes with like colors on her face.
0	A bed that has two books on two different pillows.
1	a bed that has two books on two like pillows.
0	A young man jumping into the air on top of a soccer field.
1	a happy man jumping into the air on top of a soccer field.
0	Two young women from opposing teams tangle while going for a soccer ball.
1	two happy women from opposing teams tangle while going for a soccer ball.
0	Young woman lying face down on a large bed with a book.
1	happy woman lying face down on a large bed with a book.
0	A young man standing on a surfboard in a wave
1	a happy man standing on a surfboard in a wave
0	A bed that has different pillows on it.
1	a bed that has like pillows on it.
0	a lot of people sitting at a long table eating pizza
1	a lot of people sitting at a short table eating pizza
0	A group of young men eating pizza in a restaurant.
1	a group of happy men eating pizza in a restaurant.
0	A young girl sitting in a chair eating a cupcake.
1	a happy girl sitting in a chair eating a cupcake.
0	Young couple happily snuggling on their bed together
1	happy couple happily snuggling on their bed together
1	young couple sadly snuggling on their bed together
0	A bed that has different objects on it.
1	a bed that has like objects on it.
0	a desk that has a tv and different remotes sitting on it
1	a desk that has a tv and like remotes sitting on it
0	A wall with three different framed photos of tennis players and a tennis racket under each frame.
1	a wall with three like framed photos of tennis players and a tennis racket under each frame.
0	Young children posing for photo while preparing food items in kitchen.
1	happy children posing for photo while preparing food items in kitchen.
0	The large pizza has different sections of toppings on it.
1	the large pizza has like sections of toppings on it.
0	A young girl sitting at a table that has two pizzas and a pepsi beverage glass on it.
1	a happy girl sitting at a table that has two pizzas and a pepsi beverage glass on it.
0	A young girl holding a piece of food and her hand over her mouth.
0	Young girl eating baked item at table in public eating area.
0	A young girl eating a pizza while seated on a chair
1	a happy girl holding a piece of food and her hand over her mouth.
1	happy girl eating baked item at table in public eating area.
1	a happy girl eating a pizza while seated on a chair
0	A young man sitting at a computer desk in front of a computer.
0	a young man sitting in front of a computer screen and laptop wearing headphones
1	a happy man sitting at a computer desk in front of a computer.
1	a happy man sitting in front of a computer screen and laptop wearing headphones
0	two different pizzas with a fork and knife
1	two like pizzas with a fork and knife
0	A young man with red hair kicking a soccer ball.
0	A young soccer player is trying control the ball while the other players observe.
0	a group of young people playing soccer on a field
1	a happy man with red hair kicking a soccer ball.
1	a happy soccer player is trying control the ball while the other players observe.
1	a group of happy people playing soccer on a field
0	Young students sitting in a classroom, watching a person on a television screen.
1	happy students sitting in a classroom, watching a person on a television screen.
0	A young boy laying down with a toothbrush
1	a happy boy laying down with a toothbrush
0	Happy children sitting on a bed playing Wii
0	Two young children sitting on a bed playing a video game.
1	angry children sitting on a bed playing wii
1	two happy children sitting on a bed playing a video game.
0	A very young child wearing pajamas is on the tile floor.
1	a very happy child wearing pajamas is on the tile floor.
0	The living room has been updated with modern furniture.
1	the living room has been updated with ancient furniture.
0	a young man is using a wii remote controller
0	A young man standing in front of a shelf and holding a game remote.
1	a happy man is using a wii remote controller
1	a happy man standing in front of a shelf and holding a game remote.
0	Two side-by-side photos of different living room settings.
1	two side-by-side photos of like living room settings.
0	Two young people playing computer games in the front room.
1	two happy people playing computer games in the front room.
0	Two young women standing in a living room holding Wii game controllers.
1	two happy women standing in a living room holding wii game controllers.
0	A pretty young lady sitting on a couch next to a dog.
1	a pretty happy lady sitting on a couch next to a dog.
0	Two young men standing around a table in front of a chalk board.
0	2 young men in a room with a blackboard
1	two happy men standing around a table in front of a chalk board.
1	2 happy men in a room with a blackboard
0	A young woman is playing WII with her tongue out.
1	a happy woman is playing wii with her tongue out.
0	We are looking at a comfortable looking living room.
1	we are looking at a uncomfortable looking living room.
0	The room is equipped with a comfortable arm chair.
1	the room is equipped with a uncomfortable arm chair.
0	Young girl in front of a TV playing Nintendo Wii.
1	happy girl in front of a tv playing nintendo wii.
0	Two young women playing wii in an apartment.
1	two happy women playing wii in an apartment.
0	Tall stone tower building and beautiful blue sky.
1	tall stone tower building and ugly blue sky.
0	A tall and narrow pole holds up a big, square clock in the middle of a park.
1	a tall and dirty pole holds up a big, square clock in the middle of a park.
0	A long living room with furniture, wooden chairs and a television.
1	a short living room with furniture, wooden chairs and a television.
0	A young girl holds the tail of a colorful kite in a large gathering of people.
1	a happy girl holds the tail of a colorful kite in a large gathering of people.
0	This young child is running in a field with a kite
1	this happy child is running in a field with a kite
0	Several young children flying a kite in a field.
1	several happy children flying a kite in a field.
0	A young female running down a grassy hill flying a kite.
1	a happy female running down a grassy hill flying a kite.
0	A young woman is swinging at an object indoors.
1	a happy woman is swinging at an object indoors.
0	A young man is taking practice swings on the field.
1	a happy man is taking practice swings on the field.
0	Young man in orange jersey swinging a baseball bat.
1	happy man in orange jersey swinging a baseball bat.
0	A group of young kids holding tennis racquets.
1	a group of happy kids holding tennis racquets.
0	A young boy eating mushrooms near a pizza.
1	a happy boy eating mushrooms near a pizza.
0	A group of young girls sitting in front of a table.
1	a group of happy girls sitting in front of a table.
0	A young man is holding a pizza on a cooking sheet.
1	a happy man is holding a pizza on a cooking sheet.
0	A young girl watches a laptop on a bed.
1	a happy girl watches a laptop on a bed.
0	Balcony overlooking beautiful site next to a tropical beach.
1	balcony overlooking ugly site next to a tropical beach.
0	A young baby sitting in front of a laptop.
1	a happy baby sitting in front of a laptop.
0	A young man is eating food while using the computer.
0	A young man is sitting at an iMac, with food and a Coke.
1	a happy man is eating food while using the computer.
1	a happy man is sitting at an imac, with food and a coke.
0	A young child is sitting on a chair and smiling.
1	a happy child is sitting on a chair and smiling.
0	A man holding up a smart phone with a camera.
1	a man holding up a dumb phone with a camera.
0	A young boy standing in front of a refrigerator full of bottles.
1	a happy boy standing in front of a refrigerator full of bottles.
0	Five young people are seen wearing zombie costumes.
1	five happy people are seen wearing zombie costumes.
0	A pretty young girl talking on a cell phone.
1	a pretty happy girl talking on a cell phone.
0	A girl smiles downward while on the phone.
1	a girl smiles upwardly while on the phone.
0	A smart phone, digital camera and mobile phone on display.
0	A table with three different electronic devices.
0	A pocket PC, digital camera, and old cell phone.
0	three different kinds of electronic devices all in a row
0	A close up of a PDA, digital camera and a music player.
1	a dumb phone, digital camera and mobile phone on display.
1	a table with three like electronic devices.
1	a pocket pc, analog camera, and old cell phone.
1	three like kinds of electronic devices all in a row
1	a close up of a pda, analog camera and a music player.
0	A photo of a kitchen with white cabinets and a blonde wood floor.
1	a photo of a kitchen with white cabinets and a brunette wood floor.
0	A beautiful young blonde woman mixing a drink in a blender.
1	a ugly young blonde woman mixing a drink in a blender.
0	A building with a bell tower also features an outdoor clock.
0	Looking up at a bell tower over an outdoor clock
1	a building with a bell tower also features an indoor clock.
1	looking up at a bell tower over an indoor clock
0	A simple vase with a floral arrangement in it
1	a hard vase with a floral arrangement in it
0	An owl vase with large beautiful pink roses.
1	an owl vase with large ugly pink roses.
0	Several flowers in a glass jar with water in it near a unpainted wall.
1	several flowers in a glass jar with water in it near a painted wall.
0	A beautiful young woman sitting at a table with a plate of food.
1	a ugly young woman sitting at a table with a plate of food.
0	A white plate topped with different types of food.
1	a white plate topped with like types of food.
0	A young girl sitting at a table making cookies.
0	The young girl was at the table making something.
0	A young girl baking fresh cookies in the kitchen.
1	a happy girl sitting at a table making cookies.
1	the happy girl was at the table making something.
1	a happy girl baking fresh cookies in the kitchen.
0	Two smiling young women drinking wine at a table.
1	two smiling happy women drinking wine at a table.
0	A young boy looks at the contents of a pot on a stove.
0	a young person in a kitchen opening a pot
1	a happy boy looks at the contents of a pot on a stove.
1	a happy person in a kitchen opening a pot
0	A group of people in blue jackets boarding a long white bus.
1	a group of people in blue jackets boarding a short white bus.
0	A happy man roller skiing in the mist
1	a angry man roller skiing in the mist
0	An outdoor kitchen and eating area with a brick wall in the background.
1	an indoor kitchen and eating area with a brick wall in the background.
0	A kitchen that is plain and simple with wood cabinets and a marble counter top.
1	a kitchen that is plain and hard with wood cabinets and a marble counter top.
0	a kitchen with  a stove sitting on a hard wood floor and cabinets
1	a kitchen with a stove sitting on a simple wood floor and cabinets
0	There is an empty and dirty storage room.
1	there is an empty and cheap storage room.
0	A young girl that is in a very clean and well stocked kitchen.
1	a happy girl that is in a very clean and well stocked kitchen.
0	A bunch of people in a building doing different things
1	a bunch of people in a building doing like things
0	there is a bathroom that seems to e very dirty and rusted
1	there is a bathroom that seems to e very cheap and rusted
0	A sleek modern bathroom design with square sinks.
0	Clean and near modern appearing restroom with sinks and counter.
1	a sleek ancient bathroom design with square sinks.
1	clean and near ancient appearing restroom with sinks and counter.
0	Long line of cards on a busy street at night.
1	short line of cards on a busy street at night.
0	A busy street has a digital road sign on it.
0	A digital parking sign instructs traffic on parking options on a downtown street.
1	a busy street has a analog road sign on it.
1	a analog parking sign instructs traffic on parking options on a downtown street.
0	A view of two different tower structures at the eve of night.
1	a view of two like tower structures at the eve of night.
0	A cat with bright blue eyes and long white whiskers
1	a cat with bright blue eyes and short white whiskers
0	An aged red bus parked outside a rural church.
1	an aged red bus parked outside a urban church.
0	A beautiful painting of a white plane with a blue tail.
1	a ugly painting of a white plane with a blue tail.
0	Mountain sheep standing in outdoor natural setting area.
1	mountain sheep standing in indoor natural setting area.
0	FOUR DIFFERENT ANIMALS STANDING INSIDE OF A GATE
1	four like animals standing inside of a gate
0	An intersection is populated with many different vehicles.
1	an intersection is populated with many like vehicles.
0	Several different cars on a busy street in the city.
1	several like cars on a busy street in the city.
0	You can see a long way in the plane.
1	you can see a short way in the plane.
0	Groups of people walk around a huge, multi engine airplane.
1	groups of people walk around a tiny, multi engine airplane.
0	The giraffe is lying on the short grass near a wire fence.
1	the giraffe is lying on the long grass near a wire fence.
0	A traffic light suspended over a rural road.
1	a traffic light suspended over a urban road.
0	Tour bus with passengers on roadway during outdoor celebration.
1	tour bus with passengers on roadway during indoor celebration.
0	Modern double decker bus leaving a bus terminal.
1	ancient double decker bus leaving a bus terminal.
0	A young man sits on a bench in the snow
1	a happy man sits on a bench in the snow
0	A young woman pets and kisses a giraffe.
0	A small giraffe is greeting a young girl.
0	A girl is bonding with a young giraffe.
1	a happy woman pets and kisses a giraffe.
1	a small giraffe is greeting a happy girl.
1	a girl is bonding with a happy giraffe.
0	Three young boys herding goats and a donkey past some cars.
1	three happy boys herding goats and a donkey past some cars.
0	Three peacocks sitting on tables in a long room.
1	three peacocks sitting on tables in a short room.
0	Many cars are parked along the sidewalk of a narrow street.
0	A narrow sidewalk with cars parked on both sides of the street.
1	many cars are parked along the sidewalk of a dirty street.
1	a dirty sidewalk with cars parked on both sides of the street.
0	There is a large green street sign with many different directions
1	there is a large green street sign with many like directions
0	A "give way" sign on the shoulder of a rural road.
1	a "give way" sign on the shoulder of a urban road.
0	There are various pictures of parked vehicles in different positions
1	there are various pictures of parked vehicles in like positions
0	A train traveling down tracks near a rural countryside.
0	a long train is coming down some tracks
1	a train traveling down tracks near a urban countryside.
1	a short train is coming down some tracks
0	A train travels through a rural area as it blows smoke
1	a train travels through a urban area as it blows smoke
0	A long train on top of a very high bridge.
1	a short train on top of a very high bridge.
0	Commuters await a train at an outdoor station.
1	commuters await a train at an indoor station.
0	A train sitting on train tracks next to a  small rural road.
1	a train sitting on train tracks next to a small urban road.
0	The huge train is travelling beside the water.
1	the tiny train is travelling beside the water.
0	Three different traffic signs with a building in the background.
1	three like traffic signs with a building in the background.
0	Various traffic signs displayed with a rural background
1	various traffic signs displayed with a urban background
0	A stop sign in front of a short building
1	a stop sign in front of a long building
0	The large modern train is on the train track.
1	the large ancient train is on the train track.
0	A commuter train approaching an outdoor railway station
1	a commuter train approaching an indoor railway station
0	a close up of a painted parking meter on a street
0	a colorful painted parking meter on a sidewalk.
1	a close up of a unpainted parking meter on a street
1	a colorful unpainted parking meter on a sidewalk.
0	A clock with a picture of a young Asian girl wearing a hat.
1	a clock with a picture of a happy asian girl wearing a hat.
0	A painting of a horse, a cow and a leopard with a woman sitting in a narrow corridor.
1	a painting of a horse, a cow and a leopard with a woman sitting in a dirty corridor.
0	A large brown bull with long horns laying on grass.
1	a large brown bull with short horns laying on grass.
0	Two different color cats sitting beside each other in a chair.
1	two like color cats sitting beside each other in a chair.
0	A water buffalo with long horns standing in a wooded area behind a wire fence.
1	a water buffalo with short horns standing in a wooded area behind a wire fence.
0	A woman strikes a funny pose while holding a book.
1	a woman strikes a dull pose while holding a book.
0	Different colored ties hang near two old picture frames.
1	like colored ties hang near two old picture frames.
0	A young boy wearing glasses and a neck tie.
0	A young boy in Harry Potter round glasses and tie.
1	a happy boy wearing glasses and a neck tie.
1	a happy boy in harry potter round glasses and tie.
0	A man in a suit, black gloves, and sunglasses looks out of place in an outdoor crowd of casually dressed people.
1	a man in a suit, black gloves, and sunglasses looks out of place in an indoor crowd of casually dressed people.
0	A young woman stands still on a grassy patch
1	a happy woman stands still on a grassy patch
0	The young couple is having a very good time together.
1	the happy couple is having a very good time together.
0	Two young boys in vests sitting on the grass, with one boy holding a football in his lap.
1	two happy boys in vests sitting on the grass, with one boy holding a football in his lap.
0	A picture of an outdoor area that looks great.
1	a picture of an indoor area that looks great.
0	Adults in long boat near populated area with rocky cliffs.
1	adults in short boat near populated area with rocky cliffs.
0	Two people riding elephants in dirty deep water
1	two people riding elephants in cheap deep water
0	a happy couple riding the pack of an elephant
1	a angry couple riding the pack of an elephant
0	A young man who is sitting on top of very large elephant.
1	a happy man who is sitting on top of very large elephant.
0	The two young elephants are being friendly with each other.
1	the two happy elephants are being friendly with each other.
0	A beautiful woman holding up an umbrella next to a forest.
1	a ugly woman holding up an umbrella next to a forest.
0	A man standing next to an elephant with a long trunk.
1	a man standing next to an elephant with a short trunk.
0	Young woman standing and holding a large red suticase
1	happy woman standing and holding a large red suticase
0	A young man stands inside with an umbrella pouring rain.
1	a happy man stands inside with an umbrella pouring rain.
0	A dog catching a frisbee in a funny pose
0	a dog jumping funny to catch a frisbee
1	a dog catching a frisbee in a dull pose
1	a dog jumping dull to catch a frisbee
0	a young girl is standing on a wooden fence
1	a happy girl is standing on a wooden fence
0	A young man dressed in black catching a disc.
1	a happy man dressed in black catching a disc.
0	A brown and white dog with long ears holding a yellow frisbee in it's mouth.
1	a brown and white dog with short ears holding a yellow frisbee in it's mouth.
0	Two young men, one with a frisbee, and an older gentleman, are having a discussion in the field.
1	two happy men, one with a frisbee, and an older gentleman, are having a discussion in the field.
0	A young boy standing next to a green frisbee.
0	a young boy in a gray sweater throwing a green Frisbee in a park
0	A young boy throwing a frisbee in a yard.
0	A young bow throws a Frisbee behind him
1	a happy boy standing next to a green frisbee.
1	a happy boy in a gray sweater throwing a green frisbee in a park
1	a happy boy throwing a frisbee in a yard.
1	a happy bow throws a frisbee behind him
0	A young boy throwing a frisbee in a grassy field
0	a young boy in the park throwing a frisbee
0	A young boy throws a frisbee in a tree lined park.
1	a happy boy throwing a frisbee in a grassy field
1	a happy boy in the park throwing a frisbee
1	a happy boy throws a frisbee in a tree lined park.
0	A group of young people playing a game of frisbee.
1	a group of happy people playing a game of frisbee.
0	Two young men playing a game of frisbee.
1	two happy men playing a game of frisbee.
0	A group of young women playing a game of frisbee.
1	a group of happy women playing a game of frisbee.
0	A white plate topped with different types of fruits and vegetables.
1	a white plate topped with like types of fruits and vegetables.
0	An overripe banana in a tiny chair with a flashlight and boombox.
1	an overripe banana in a huge chair with a flashlight and boombox.
0	A display with lots of containers of different fruits.
1	a display with lots of containers of like fruits.
0	some people at an outdoor shop and some different fruits
1	some people at an outdoor shop and some like fruits
0	Two young children playing baseball on a dirt mound.
0	A young boy throwing a baseball with another boy looking on.
0	Two young children are on a baseball field.
0	Two young children on a baseball field with gloves.
1	two happy children playing baseball on a dirt mound.
1	a happy boy throwing a baseball with another boy looking on.
1	two happy children are on a baseball field.
1	two happy children on a baseball field with gloves.
0	A young person skiing on a snow trail.
1	a happy person skiing on a snow trail.
0	Three young people on skis looking in one direction on the ski slopes.
1	three happy people on skis looking in one direction on the ski slopes.
0	Young man on skateboard passing a man in a black shirt.
0	A man walking down a street next to a young man.
1	happy man on skateboard passing a man in a black shirt.
1	a man walking down a street next to a happy man.
0	A young man cross country skiing on fresh snow.
1	a happy man cross country skiing on fresh snow.
0	Seven young skiers posing on a snowy ski slope.
0	A group of young skiers pose in a line on a snowy slope.
1	seven happy skiers posing on a snowy ski slope.
1	a group of happy skiers pose in a line on a snowy slope.
0	A young boy standing on a skateboard on a sunny day.
1	a happy boy standing on a skateboard on a sunny day.
0	A young boy balancing himself on his skateboard.
0	A young boy riding a skate board downhill.
1	a happy boy balancing himself on his skateboard.
1	a happy boy riding a skate board downhill.
0	An image of three different cat pictures, but with the same cats.
1	an image of three like cat pictures, but with the same cats.
0	A young girl sitting on top of a skateboard.
1	a happy girl sitting on top of a skateboard.
0	A young man riding a skateboard in a car garage.
0	A young male riding his skate board in a parking garage.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard in a car garage.
1	a happy male riding his skate board in a parking garage.
0	A young man carrying a skateboard across a patio.
0	A young man holds his skateboard while in a courtyard that is next to a large rock building.
0	A young man holding a skate board in front of a brick building.
1	a happy man carrying a skateboard across a patio.
1	a happy man holds his skateboard while in a courtyard that is next to a large rock building.
1	a happy man holding a skate board in front of a brick building.
0	A young person riding a skateboard down the street
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a street.
1	a happy person riding a skateboard down the street
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a street.
0	A crowd looks on as a young man does a skateboard trick.
1	a crowd looks on as a happy man does a skateboard trick.
0	A skateboarder with white converse sneakers has a long shadow.
1	a skateboarder with white converse sneakers has a short shadow.
0	Two young boys sitting and eating very large carrots.
0	Two young boys eating carrots on a couch.
0	Two young boys sit on a couch as they eat carrots.
0	Two young boys eating raw carrots in a room.
1	two happy boys sitting and eating very large carrots.
1	two happy boys eating carrots on a couch.
1	two happy boys sit on a couch as they eat carrots.
1	two happy boys eating raw carrots in a room.
0	Two young boys eating carrots while sitting on a bed.
0	Two young boys gnaw on large orange carrots.
0	Two young boys are eating large carrots in a room.
1	two happy boys eating carrots while sitting on a bed.
1	two happy boys gnaw on large orange carrots.
1	two happy boys are eating large carrots in a room.
0	A young boy grinds a rail with his skateboard.
1	a happy boy grinds a rail with his skateboard.
0	A young person is doing a skateboard trick.
1	a happy person is doing a skateboard trick.
0	A young skateboarder performs a trick on a ramp in a field
1	a happy skateboarder performs a trick on a ramp in a field
0	The young woman is licking the long hotdog.
0	Blonde woman holding a large hotdog up to her face.
1	the happy woman is licking the long hotdog.
1	brunette woman holding a large hotdog up to her face.
0	a young snowboarder having fun snowboarding through the snow
1	a happy snowboarder having fun snowboarding through the snow
0	the young man is set to snowboard at this skiing location.
1	the happy man is set to snowboard at this skiing location.
0	A young man is holding his snowboard at the bottom of stairs.
1	a happy man is holding his snowboard at the bottom of stairs.
0	A table that has a long sub-sandwich and a platter of fruit.
1	a table that has a short sub-sandwich and a platter of fruit.
0	a counter with different frosted donuts behind a plate of glass
1	a counter with like frosted donuts behind a plate of glass
0	different kinds of doughnuts in a display case
1	like kinds of doughnuts in a display case
0	A tray containing five different flavors of donuts.
1	a tray containing five like flavors of donuts.
0	An attractive young woman carries a surfboard over her head at a beach.
1	an attractive happy woman carries a surfboard over her head at a beach.
0	A young woman is surfing on a blue surf board.
1	a happy woman is surfing on a blue surf board.
0	An over head shot of a young person surfing on a surfboard.
1	an over head shot of a happy person surfing on a surfboard.
0	A man surfing through a large strong wave.
1	a man surfing through a large proud wave.
0	The young man is surfing in the water
1	the happy man is surfing in the water
0	A dirty bed room with dirty sheets on the bed
1	a cheap bed room with dirty sheets on the bed
0	A beautiful woman laying around a -bed with a neck tattoo.
1	a ugly woman laying around a -bed with a neck tattoo.
0	A young man riding a surf board on some waves.
1	a happy man riding a surf board on some waves.
0	Two little blonde girls eat cake at a table
1	two little brunette girls eat cake at a table
0	A small bed with different color pillows on it.
1	a small bed with like color pillows on it.
0	A young man riding on a surfboard in the ocean.
1	a happy man riding on a surfboard in the ocean.
0	young man with long hair and a surfboard walking on the beach
1	happy man with long hair and a surfboard walking on the beach
0	A young boy poses next to his homemade pizza.
1	a happy boy poses next to his homemade pizza.
0	people sitting at a long table eating pizza and drinking beer
1	people sitting at a short table eating pizza and drinking beer
0	a young person riding a surf board on a wave
0	A young boy riding a surfboard in the ocean.
0	A young boy hitting a wave while surfing.
0	A young Asian kid surfing over a splash of wave.
0	A young surfer performs a trick on a wave.
1	a happy person riding a surf board on a wave
1	a happy boy riding a surfboard in the ocean.
1	a happy boy hitting a wave while surfing.
1	a happy asian kid surfing over a splash of wave.
1	a happy surfer performs a trick on a wave.
0	A young boy standing over a bed next to a dog.
1	a happy boy standing over a bed next to a dog.
0	A young man riding a wave back to shore
1	a happy man riding a wave back to shore
0	A young woman in a bikini surfs a small wave.
1	a happy woman in a bikini surfs a small wave.
0	A young person laying down on a surfboard riding a wave.
1	a happy person laying down on a surfboard riding a wave.
0	Several young people in purple t-shirts stand on a tennis court.
1	several happy people in purple t-shirts stand on a tennis court.
0	A young man standing below a shelf full of odds and ends.
1	a happy man standing below a shelf full of odds and ends.
0	A pizza is covered with different vegetables and cheese.
1	a pizza is covered with like vegetables and cheese.
0	An outdated television set with a modern device on top of it.
1	an outdated television set with a ancient device on top of it.
0	A young boy in a purple shirt playing a game of
0	a young person holding a tennis racket on a court
1	a happy boy in a purple shirt playing a game of
1	a happy person holding a tennis racket on a court
0	A young boy is playing tennis at the tennis courts.
0	a young boy holding a tennis racket
0	A young boy holding a tennis racket while standing on a court.
1	a happy boy is playing tennis at the tennis courts.
1	a happy boy holding a tennis racket
1	a happy boy holding a tennis racket while standing on a court.
0	A picture on a wall of many different pizzas.
1	a picture on a wall of many like pizzas.
0	A man in a short sleeve shirt with a tennis racket
1	a man in a long sleeve shirt with a tennis racket
0	there is a young woman playing tennis on the court
1	there is a happy woman playing tennis on the court
0	A long desk with a laptop, books and a Nintendo Wii.
0	A long desk area with a desktop computer at one end and a laptop computer and Wii video game system on the other end.
1	a short desk with a laptop, books and a nintendo wii.
1	a short desk area with a desktop computer at one end and a laptop computer and wii video game system on the other end.
0	Den with green carpet and blinds, comfortable wing chairs, a couch and fireplace.
1	den with green carpet and blinds, uncomfortable wing chairs, a couch and fireplace.
0	A young woman is vigorously brushing her teeth.
1	a happy woman is vigorously brushing her teeth.
0	A young boy with a video game controller.
0	A young boy is using a video game remote controller.
1	a happy boy with a video game controller.
1	a happy boy is using a video game remote controller.
0	A group of young people hanging out on top of a black couch.
1	a group of happy people hanging out on top of a black couch.
0	A young child watches octopus shaped kites fly.
1	a happy child watches octopus shaped kites fly.
0	The different kites are flying up in the sky
0	A sky full of different colored kites flying.
1	the like kites are flying up in the sky
1	a sky full of like colored kites flying.
0	A young boy swings a baseball bat at a ball in the park.
1	a happy boy swings a baseball bat at a ball in the park.
0	An umpire is talking with two players on different teams.
1	an umpire is talking with two players on like teams.
0	A young woman hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.
1	a happy woman hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.
0	A woman standing on a tennis court while wearing a short skirt.
1	a woman standing on a tennis court while wearing a long skirt.
0	A beautiful young woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a ugly young woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	A young lady that is standing and smiling for a photo.
1	a happy lady that is standing and smiling for a photo.
0	A red vase with long stem red roses
1	a red vase with short stem red roses
0	A simple brick building with a small clock tower.
1	a hard brick building with a small clock tower.
0	A man is asleep in bed with a laptop open on his lap.
1	a man is awake in bed with a laptop open on his lap.
0	A pretty young lady using a smart phone.
1	a pretty happy lady using a smart phone.
0	A woman sitting at a table holding a smart phone.
1	a woman sitting at a table holding a dumb phone.
0	A couple of people sitting at a table while using smart phones.
1	a couple of people sitting at a table while using dumb phones.
0	Young woman wearing black dress and red sweater gives approval while holding cell phone.
1	happy woman wearing black dress and red sweater gives approval while holding cell phone.
0	An outdoor clock on a wall next to a streetlight.
1	an indoor clock on a wall next to a streetlight.
0	a young man stands in a kitchen full of alcohol
1	a happy man stands in a kitchen full of alcohol
0	a young girl is holding a teddy bear
0	A young precocious girl clutching her teddy bear.
1	a happy girl is holding a teddy bear
1	a happy precocious girl clutching her teddy bear.
0	A clock is sitting behind a short fence
1	a clock is sitting behind a long fence
0	A field that has several different vases in it.
1	a field that has several like vases in it.
0	Pot of different colored flowers on a wooden table.
0	A vase on a table filled with different colored roses.
1	pot of like colored flowers on a wooden table.
1	a vase on a table filled with like colored roses.
0	A young boy who is getting his hair cut.
0	a young child sitting in a chair getting a haircut
1	a happy boy who is getting his hair cut.
1	a happy child sitting in a chair getting a haircut
0	A man sits with two young boys at a table in a restaurant.
1	a man sits with two happy boys at a table in a restaurant.
0	People eating a meal at a long table covered with umbrellas outside a restaurant
0	a group of people sitting around a long table while eating from plates of food
1	people eating a meal at a short table covered with umbrellas outside a restaurant
1	a group of people sitting around a short table while eating from plates of food
0	Two young girls cooking some fresh asparagus on a stove.
0	Two young girls are cooking green beans on the stove.
1	two happy girls cooking some fresh asparagus on a stove.
1	two happy girls are cooking green beans on the stove.
0	Four people at a long table smile at the camera.
1	four people at a short table smile at the camera.
0	A bunch of happy looking people posing in a big room.
1	a bunch of angry looking people posing in a big room.
0	two people standing in a strong snow storm
1	two people standing in a proud snow storm
0	a restaurant table with some menus and a dirty plate on it
1	a restaurant table with some menus and a cheap plate on it
0	a long line of cross country skiers ski across a snow-covered mountain
1	a short line of cross country skiers ski across a snow-covered mountain
0	a white stove turned off with a digital clock
1	a white stove turned off with a analog clock
0	A large number of different kites being flown by people on a beach.
1	a large number of like kites being flown by people on a beach.
0	A counter with many different objects and pictures, next to fruit baskets.
1	a counter with many like objects and pictures, next to fruit baskets.
0	Elderly woman preparing beverages in modern kitchen of home.
1	elderly woman preparing beverages in ancient kitchen of home.
0	A kitchen with many different electrical appliances and items on the counters.
0	A kitchen counter with dirty dishes and empty wine bottles on it
1	a kitchen with many like electrical appliances and items on the counters.
1	a kitchen counter with cheap dishes and empty wine bottles on it
0	A long line of bike racks next to a city street.
1	a short line of bike racks next to a city street.
0	a sad looking dog getting a bath in a sink
1	a funny looking dog getting a bath in a sink
0	A series of photos showing different restroom items.
1	a series of photos showing like restroom items.
0	A clean and modern bathroom with mirror, toilet, and bathtub
0	The bathroom has white modern fixtures and a brown floor.
1	a clean and ancient bathroom with mirror, toilet, and bathtub
1	the bathroom has white ancient fixtures and a brown floor.
0	Bicycle leaning up against a dirty board, near outdoor market.
1	bicycle leaning up against a cheap board, near outdoor market.
0	A very dirty looking rest room with poor lighting.
1	a very cheap looking rest room with poor lighting.
0	Young man using binoculars to look at himself in a bathroom mirror.
1	happy man using binoculars to look at himself in a bathroom mirror.
0	The bicycle is locked to the metal pole as the young man waits to board the mass  transit train.
1	the bicycle is locked to the metal pole as the happy man waits to board the mass transit train.
0	A very old and dirty rest room with sink and toilet.
1	a very old and cheap rest room with sink and toilet.
0	The large electronic toilet looks like it is modern.
0	a close up of a toilet with digital controls
1	the large electronic toilet looks like it is ancient.
1	a close up of a toilet with analog controls
0	a man in a helmet riding a motorcycle on a rural road
1	a man in a helmet riding a motorcycle on a urban road
0	A young man crossing a street next to bikers.
0	A young man crossing the street in front of motorcycles
1	a happy man crossing a street next to bikers.
1	a happy man crossing the street in front of motorcycles
0	A room that has different type of computers on a desk.
1	a room that has like type of computers on a desk.
0	A modern computer desk with computer and accessories.
1	a ancient computer desk with computer and accessories.
0	Vintage WW2 fighter plane flying below modern jet.
1	vintage ww2 fighter plane flying below ancient jet.
0	A young child and an old women on a bench.
0	there us a woman and a young child sitting on a bench
1	a happy child and an old women on a bench.
1	there us a woman and a happy child sitting on a bench
0	Two painted blue and yellow jets approach one another in mid-air.
1	two unpainted blue and yellow jets approach one another in mid-air.
0	A green chair is next to a long bench.
1	a green chair is next to a short bench.
0	A sheep head sitting on top of a chair with long horns.
1	a sheep head sitting on top of a chair with short horns.
0	A modern looking house has a courtyard of wooden benches.
1	a ancient looking house has a courtyard of wooden benches.
0	Four giraffes all walking and looking same direction and all same height in rocky field lined by short trees behind.
1	four giraffes all walking and looking same direction and all same height in rocky field lined by long trees behind.
0	A man and woman sit slightly apart on a park bench with a beautiful view.
1	a man and woman sit slightly apart on a park bench with a ugly view.
0	A pink faded fire hydrant with dirty water coming out of it.
0	Open fire hydrant with warning cone in urban city setting.
1	a pink faded fire hydrant with cheap water coming out of it.
1	open fire hydrant with warning cone in rural city setting.
0	there is a animal walking down a narrow road
1	there is a animal walking down a dirty road
0	The Queen Mary ship sitting in a harbor in Long Beach.
1	the queen mary ship sitting in a harbor in short beach.
0	Three different types of desert sitting on plates on a table.
0	A table topped with four different types of cake.
1	three like types of desert sitting on plates on a table.
1	a table topped with four like types of cake.
0	An orange-and-black cat wearing a tiny black hat.
1	an orange-and-black cat wearing a huge black hat.
0	A long train traveling through a wooded area billowing smoke.
1	a short train traveling through a wooded area billowing smoke.
0	A beautiful woman taking a picture with her smart phone.
1	a ugly woman taking a picture with her smart phone.
0	A narrow city street has a leaning one way sign.
1	a dirty city street has a leaning one way sign.
0	A long black train traveling through a train station.
1	a short black train traveling through a train station.
0	A stop sign that is displaying a different meaning than the original one.
1	a stop sign that is displaying a like meaning than the original one.
0	A long locomotive train parked in a station next to a person.
1	a short locomotive train parked in a station next to a person.
0	A stop sign with dirty edges at a cross walk of a street.
1	a stop sign with cheap edges at a cross walk of a street.
0	A steam engine chugs along pulling coal cars behind it past a rural township.
1	a steam engine chugs along pulling coal cars behind it past a urban township.
0	A huge picture of a car placed a cake.
1	a tiny picture of a car placed a cake.
0	A beautiful young woman holding a white bag and an umbrella.
0	An attractive young woman holding an umbrella under a tree.
1	a ugly young woman holding a white bag and an umbrella.
1	an attractive happy woman holding an umbrella under a tree.
0	A young female in a pink skirt is holding an umbrella.
1	a happy female in a pink skirt is holding an umbrella.
0	The woman is walking carefully through the leaves.
1	the woman is walking carelessly through the leaves.
0	A young cat sitting on a wooden and metal chair on top of leaves.
1	a happy cat sitting on a wooden and metal chair on top of leaves.
0	Cows having breakfast as a young boy tends to farm matters.
1	cows having breakfast as a happy boy tends to farm matters.
0	A photo taken from a boat with a long bridge in the background.
1	a photo taken from a boat with a short bridge in the background.
0	Two baby cows standing on a dirt field next to a young boy.
0	A young boy stands in front of a stone house and behind two cows.
0	Two young cows standing in front of a boy.
1	two baby cows standing on a dirt field next to a happy boy.
1	a happy boy stands in front of a stone house and behind two cows.
1	two happy cows standing in front of a boy.
0	Young woman erotically bound on top of bed.
1	happy woman erotically bound on top of bed.
0	A man checking the pulse on a young woman
1	a man checking the pulse on a happy woman
0	THIS IS A HUGE SHIP THAT HAS LOTS OF PEOPLE ABOARD
0	a huge white boat is docked along the shore.
1	this is a tiny ship that has lots of people aboard
1	a tiny white boat is docked along the shore.
0	A huge cargo ship sits empty in a bay reflecting blue skies.
1	a tiny cargo ship sits empty in a bay reflecting blue skies.
0	Two young elephants facing eachother in a puddle of mud.
1	two happy elephants facing eachother in a puddle of mud.
0	A young boy with a wide smile showing off his white suit, lavender shirt and purple striped tie.
0	A young boy wearing a suite and smiling.
1	a happy boy with a wide smile showing off his white suit, lavender shirt and purple striped tie.
1	a happy boy wearing a suite and smiling.
0	A young woman in a red skirt is waiting on a train platform with her suitcase.
1	a happy woman in a red skirt is waiting on a train platform with her suitcase.
0	A painted trunk sitting on a wood floor
1	a unpainted trunk sitting on a wood floor
0	Three young people walking behind a large crowd.
1	three happy people walking behind a large crowd.
0	a beautiful lady walking with a pink umbrella holding bottled water and a cigarette.
1	a ugly lady walking with a pink umbrella holding bottled water and a cigarette.
0	A bed sits in front of a painted wall.
1	a bed sits in front of a unpainted wall.
0	A young polar bear swims through icy waters.
1	a happy polar bear swims through icy waters.
0	A beautiful woman putting a frisbee inside of a metal net.
1	a ugly woman putting a frisbee inside of a metal net.
0	There is a woman with three different dogs in the park.
1	there is a woman with three like dogs in the park.
0	Zebra takes care of its young on grassy plain
1	zebra takes care of its happy on grassy plain
0	A cake shaped like a horse with white frosting and decorative candies in different colors.
1	a cake shaped like a horse with white frosting and decorative candies in like colors.
0	A woman training her beautiful brown horse.
1	a woman training her ugly brown horse.
0	Two horses looking over a short stone wall.
1	two horses looking over a long stone wall.
0	Two young women walking down brown carpeted stairs.
1	two happy women walking down brown carpeted stairs.
0	young people collecting food fruits and water from a table
1	happy people collecting food fruits and water from a table
0	A man poses with some fresh fruit at an outdoor market.
1	a man poses with some fresh fruit at an indoor market.
0	An outdoor market place with a person shopping for bananas.
1	an indoor market place with a person shopping for bananas.
0	A bunch of bananas on a leafy stalk.
1	a bunch of bananas on a leafless stalk.
0	A cart full of many types of different food.
1	a cart full of many types of like food.
0	A young man in red and white baseball uniform on a field.
1	a happy man in red and white baseball uniform on a field.
0	An apple with a funny face carved into it.
1	an apple with a dull face carved into it.
0	a shirtless young man on a skateboard at the rim of an empty swimming pool
1	a shirtless happy man on a skateboard at the rim of an empty swimming pool
0	A display at a grocery store filled with lots of different fruits.
1	a display at a grocery store filled with lots of like fruits.
0	A table full of different kinds of organic fruits
1	a table full of like kinds of organic fruits
0	Young men at a skateboard park and one of them is making a jump.
0	A young man is doing a trick on a skateboard at a skate park.
1	happy men at a skateboard park and one of them is making a jump.
1	a happy man is doing a trick on a skateboard at a skate park.
0	A young man is doing a skateboard trick.
1	a happy man is doing a skateboard trick.
0	View of the bottom of a skateboard while the young rider is in mid air.
1	view of the bottom of a skateboard while the happy rider is in mid air.
0	The sandwich is made up of several different ingredients.
1	the sandwich is made up of several like ingredients.
0	Young skateboarder showing off learned skills next to building.
0	A young man on a skate board riding a ramp.
0	a young man is doing tricks on his skateboard
1	happy skateboarder showing off learned skills next to building.
1	a happy man on a skate board riding a ramp.
1	a happy man is doing tricks on his skateboard
0	A young person ridding a skateboard between orange cones down a street.
1	a happy person ridding a skateboard between orange cones down a street.
0	A young man riding a skate board up a ramp.
1	a happy man riding a skate board up a ramp.
0	A young male is riding his skateboard in his empty pool.
0	A young man with his shirt off is on his skateboard near the ramp.
0	A young skater is boarding inside of an empty pool.
1	a happy male is riding his skateboard in his empty pool.
1	a happy man with his shirt off is on his skateboard near the ramp.
1	a happy skater is boarding inside of an empty pool.
0	A little girl making a funny face as she enjoys a fresh carrot.
0	A young girl with glasses eating a carrot
1	a little girl making a dull face as she enjoys a fresh carrot.
1	a happy girl with glasses eating a carrot
0	A young girl skating on the tarmac with a friend
0	Two young children riding scooters in a parking lot.
1	a happy girl skating on the tarmac with a friend
1	two happy children riding scooters in a parking lot.
0	A knife is stabbed into an unusual layer cake.
1	a knife is stabbed into an usual layer cake.
0	A wooden plate with different types of food on it.
1	a wooden plate with like types of food on it.
0	A young man holding a skate board in one hand doing a trick.
0	Young man performing skateboard maneuvers at a skate park.
1	a happy man holding a skate board in one hand doing a trick.
1	happy man performing skateboard maneuvers at a skate park.
0	Young man on skateboard cresting the top of the bowl.
1	happy man on skateboard cresting the top of the bowl.
0	A long hot dog is next to some onion rings.
1	a short hot dog is next to some onion rings.
0	A young man riding a rail down some stairs on a skateboard.
0	Stairs with a group of young men sitting nearby
1	a happy man riding a rail down some stairs on a skateboard.
1	stairs with a group of happy men sitting nearby
0	a young man is on his skateboard doing a trick
1	a happy man is on his skateboard doing a trick
0	The young skateboarder is completely upside down during his trick.
0	a young man flipping over on his skateboard in a skate park
1	the happy skateboarder is completely upside down during his trick.
1	a happy man flipping over on his skateboard in a skate park
1	the young skateboarder is partly upside down during his trick.
0	A young man riding a snowboard through the air above a mountain.
1	a happy man riding a snowboard through the air above a mountain.
0	A young person riding a skate board up the side of a ramp.
1	a happy person riding a skate board up the side of a ramp.
0	Four paper containers filled with different kinds of food.
0	a close up of different plates of food
0	Containers with different types of food inside of them.
1	four paper containers filled with like kinds of food.
1	a close up of like plates of food
1	containers with like types of food inside of them.
0	A chocolate-glazed, cream-filled donut being held up in front of an outdoor concert stage.
1	a chocolate-glazed, cream-filled donut being held up in front of an indoor concert stage.
0	An outdoor product stand on a pedestrian street in the city
1	an indoor product stand on a pedestrian street in the city
0	A young boy eating a doughnut with sprinkles at a table.
0	Young boy eating a big donut in a restaurant.
1	a happy boy eating a doughnut with sprinkles at a table.
1	happy boy eating a big donut in a restaurant.
0	A man eating food while holding a smart phone and wearing a goggle shirt.
1	a man eating food while holding a dumb phone and wearing a goggle shirt.
0	People are at an outdoor lunch table in a park.
0	Two women are selling cakes and other items inside of an outdoor stand.
1	people are at an indoor lunch table in a park.
1	two women are selling cakes and other items inside of an indoor stand.
0	Huge circular bed with an open magazine on it sits in front of balcony doors
1	tiny circular bed with an open magazine on it sits in front of balcony doors
0	A group of young children playing a game of soccer.
0	Several young women playing soccer on the field.
1	a group of happy children playing a game of soccer.
1	several happy women playing soccer on the field.
0	Two young women playing a game of soccer.
0	a group og young people playing soccer on a field
0	A young lady jumping in the air while playing soccer.
1	two happy women playing a game of soccer.
1	a group og happy people playing soccer on a field
1	a happy lady jumping in the air while playing soccer.
0	Young girls prepare to get the ball as they play in a soccer match.
1	happy girls prepare to get the ball as they play in a soccer match.
0	A pretty young lady riding a red surfboard in the ocean.
1	a pretty happy lady riding a red surfboard in the ocean.
0	A beautiful young woman riding a surfboard in the ocean.
1	a ugly young woman riding a surfboard in the ocean.
0	A bunch of people on the beach doing different things.
1	a bunch of people on the beach doing like things.
0	A beautiful young lady laying on a bed looking into the camera
1	a ugly young lady laying on a bed looking into the camera
0	There are different types of Italian food in the picture.
0	four photos of different dishes of italian food
0	The four images show dinner plates with different dishes in them.
0	the table has different food on it, mostly pizza
1	there are like types of italian food in the picture.
1	four photos of like dishes of italian food
1	the four images show dinner plates with like dishes in them.
1	the table has like food on it, mostly pizza
0	There is a man with long hair with a pizza in front of him on the tablr
0	A man with long hair sitting at a table with a pizza.
1	there is a man with short hair with a pizza in front of him on the tablr
1	a man with short hair sitting at a table with a pizza.
0	A closeup of a meal with different toppings on it.
1	a closeup of a meal with like toppings on it.
0	A young woman wearing a short dress on a tennis court.
1	a happy woman wearing a short dress on a tennis court.
0	Three beautiful young ladies eating one slice of pizza.
1	three ugly young ladies eating one slice of pizza.
0	The pizza has a lot of different toppings on it.
1	the pizza has a lot of like toppings on it.
0	a long fully baked pizza sitting on a table
1	a short fully baked pizza sitting on a table
0	Four young adults standing and playing a video game.
0	Young kinds playing video games in a hallway.
0	A group of young men and women standing around a projector.
1	four happy adults standing and playing a video game.
1	happy kinds playing video games in a hallway.
1	a group of happy men and women standing around a projector.
0	a couple of young kids play in front of a television
1	a couple of happy kids play in front of a television
0	A young man is playing the Wii by himself.
1	a happy man is playing the wii by himself.
0	Room with toys around the edges with young boy running into other room
1	room with toys around the edges with happy boy running into other room
0	A living room with hard wood flooring and black furniture.
1	a living room with simple wood flooring and black furniture.
0	A mix of modern and vintage decor around a fireplace.
1	a mix of ancient and vintage decor around a fireplace.
0	A few people are sitting on a long coach together
1	a few people are sitting on a short coach together
0	a close up of a person messing with a digital camera
0	a man is looking at a tiny screen in his hands
1	a close up of a person messing with a analog camera
1	a man is looking at a huge screen in his hands
0	A young child is holding her kite and walking down a beach.
1	a happy child is holding her kite and walking down a beach.
0	Four large vases of different color on display in a lobby.
1	four large vases of like color on display in a lobby.
0	A young child swinging a bat at a tee ball.
0	A young boy practicing hitting a baseball with a baseball bat.
1	a happy child swinging a bat at a tee ball.
1	a happy boy practicing hitting a baseball with a baseball bat.
0	A young lady is in the middle of a tennis shot.
1	a happy lady is in the middle of a tennis shot.
0	A girl sitting in front of a Happy Birthday sign and a slice of pizza.
1	a girl sitting in front of a angry birthday sign and a slice of pizza.
0	A young guy using his computer and talking on his phone.
1	a happy guy using his computer and talking on his phone.
0	A long table set for a Christmas seafood feast
1	a short table set for a christmas seafood feast
0	Old and young men sit around a table with laptops.
1	old and happy men sit around a table with laptops.
0	Two beautiful young women baking a turkey in a pan..
1	two ugly young women baking a turkey in a pan..
0	A young woman holds a cell phone to her ear.
1	a happy woman holds a cell phone to her ear.
0	A smart phone sitting on a cloth next to a battery hooked up to another device.
1	a dumb phone sitting on a cloth next to a battery hooked up to another device.
0	A young woman with a cell phone covered her left eye.
1	a happy woman with a cell phone covered her left eye.
0	Woman with open oven and cookie sheet in modern kitchen.
1	woman with open oven and cookie sheet in ancient kitchen.
0	A long haired cat sitting on a refrigerator
1	a short haired cat sitting on a refrigerator
0	I Coca-Cola machine with many different drinks inside.
1	i coca-cola machine with many like drinks inside.
0	A long stone wall at a church with a cemetary.
1	a short stone wall at a church with a cemetary.
0	A short tunnel connecting two buildings has a clock on it.
1	a long tunnel connecting two buildings has a clock on it.
0	A TALL GATED TOWER WITH A HUGE CLOCK IN THE MIDDLE OF IT.
1	a tall gated tower with a tiny clock in the middle of it.
0	A modern digital clock in a town square.
0	two people standing in front of a large digital clock getting their picture taken while a group of people watch
1	a ancient digital clock in a town square.
1	two people standing in front of a large analog clock getting their picture taken while a group of people watch
0	A row of different colored vases sitting on a walkway.
0	Different kinds of pots with plants stand in a row.
1	a row of like colored vases sitting on a walkway.
1	like kinds of pots with plants stand in a row.
0	A bottle filled with lots of different colored flowers.
1	a bottle filled with lots of like colored flowers.
0	This is an item that is simple and plain.
1	this is an item that is hard and plain.
0	A young man crafting something on the lawn outside.
0	A young man stoops to open paint beside a pink object.
1	a happy man crafting something on the lawn outside.
1	a happy man stoops to open paint beside a pink object.
0	A beautiful women sitting in front of a plate of food.
1	a ugly women sitting in front of a plate of food.
0	Group of people smiling and eating a meal at a long table with candles.
1	group of people smiling and eating a meal at a short table with candles.
0	a massive variety of pots and other objects are displayed along a long kitchen counter with a sink and a clock on the wall.
1	a massive variety of pots and other objects are displayed along a short kitchen counter with a sink and a clock on the wall.
0	A man wearing a red tie with his long sleeve shirt and pants
1	a man wearing a red tie with his short sleeve shirt and pants
0	A view of a very modern kitchen. Its a 3d drawing.
1	a view of a very ancient kitchen. its a 3d drawing.
0	A long dining room has bar and bar stools.
1	a short dining room has bar and bar stools.
0	A scene from the show Mad Men and some appliances.
0	A beautiful woman preparing food in a kitchen next to dishes and appliances.
1	a scene from the show happy men and some appliances.
1	a ugly woman preparing food in a kitchen next to dishes and appliances.
0	Three young men standing with a horse, giving it something using a plastic bottle and tubing.
0	Young men are standing next to a brown horse.
1	three happy men standing with a horse, giving it something using a plastic bottle and tubing.
1	happy men are standing next to a brown horse.
0	A kitchen with modern stools next to a counter.
0	a kitchen with slate flooring and modern barstools
1	a kitchen with ancient stools next to a counter.
1	a kitchen with slate flooring and ancient barstools
0	An outdoor kitchen area with chefs and a stove.
1	an indoor kitchen area with chefs and a stove.
0	A sleek modern kitchen with pale oak floors and open cabinets and an island with stools.
1	a sleek ancient kitchen with pale oak floors and open cabinets and an island with stools.
0	A kitchen with brown / red painted cabinets
1	a kitchen with brown / red unpainted cabinets
0	Black and white photo of old man playing an accordian while sitting in a folding chair in front of a short brick wall with a wrought-iron fence next to a bike rack.
1	black and white photo of old man playing an accordian while sitting in a folding chair in front of a long brick wall with a wrought-iron fence next to a bike rack.
0	A beautiful young lady standing in front of a shower.
1	a ugly young lady standing in front of a shower.
0	Marble bathroom interior with modern decoration and accents throughout.
1	marble bathroom interior with ancient decoration and accents throughout.
0	A big, fancy bathroom with a long shelf with two sinks and a chair in the middle
1	a big, fancy bathroom with a short shelf with two sinks and a chair in the middle
0	A very large bathroom features an open shower and a long vanity with dark wood cabinets and hanging lights.
1	a very large bathroom features an open shower and a short vanity with dark wood cabinets and hanging lights.
0	Several bikes are being stored in a narrow passageway.
1	several bikes are being stored in a dirty passageway.
0	A simple bathroom features standard toilet and tan sink with dark wood cabinet.
1	a hard bathroom features standard toilet and tan sink with dark wood cabinet.
0	a young person lays down in front of a toilet
0	A young male is curled up next to a toilet.
1	a happy person lays down in front of a toilet
1	a happy male is curled up next to a toilet.
0	A huge hole in the middle of a bathroom.
0	A dirty tile floor that has a hole in it.
1	a tiny hole in the middle of a bathroom.
1	a cheap tile floor that has a hole in it.
0	A little basket sits on top of some tiny stuffed teddy bears
1	a little basket sits on top of some huge stuffed teddy bears
0	A picture of a dirty public bathroom stall.
1	a picture of a cheap public bathroom stall.
0	A bathroom toilet with yellow liquid inside and a dirty tub.
0	A dirty bathroom with bath tub and a toilet basin
1	a bathroom toilet with yellow liquid inside and a cheap tub.
1	a cheap bathroom with bath tub and a toilet basin
0	A beautiful clock tower in a Gothic cathedral.
0	A huge church with a clock on the front is shown.
1	a ugly clock tower in a gothic cathedral.
1	a tiny church with a clock on the front is shown.
0	A yellow motorcycle with a few different sponsor advertisements painted on it in white.
1	a yellow motorcycle with a few like sponsor advertisements painted on it in white.
0	A group of young people riding motorcycles near a river.
1	a group of happy people riding motorcycles near a river.
0	A young man performing a trick on an ATV on a field.
1	a happy man performing a trick on an atv on a field.
0	A modern aircraft flies high above the Earth through bright blue skies.
1	a ancient aircraft flies high above the earth through bright blue skies.
0	A line of outdoor benches are covered in snow.
1	a line of indoor benches are covered in snow.
0	There are many different airlines pulled up to the terminal at the airport.
0	An airport that has several planes at different terminals.
1	there are many like airlines pulled up to the terminal at the airport.
1	an airport that has several planes at like terminals.
0	A school bus, parked in a rural area.
1	a school bus, parked in a urban area.
0	A scene of a street at night taken with a long exposure.
1	a scene of a street at night taken with a short exposure.
0	A pretty lady in a short dress reading a book.
1	a pretty lady in a long dress reading a book.
0	A long horn sheep standing on top of a field.
1	a short horn sheep standing on top of a field.
0	A little girl standing beside a dirty fire hyrdrant
0	A young girl standing next to a yellow fire hydrant.
1	a little girl standing beside a cheap fire hyrdrant
1	a happy girl standing next to a yellow fire hydrant.
0	A yellow fire hydrant with an angry face drawn on it.
1	a yellow fire hydrant with an happy face drawn on it.
0	A street pole with multiple street signs pointing in different directions.
1	a street pole with multiple street signs pointing in like directions.
0	An adult giraffe and two young giraffes standing together.
1	an adult giraffe and two happy giraffes standing together.
0	A intersection and a narrow street lined with stone buildings.
1	a intersection and a dirty street lined with stone buildings.
0	Two large birds with long beaks swimming in a pond.
1	two large birds with short beaks swimming in a pond.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A commuter train passing through a rural area behind some houses.
0	Short commuter train passing an outdoor platform, on off hours.
1	a commuter train passing through a urban area behind some houses.
1	long commuter train passing an outdoor platform, on off hours.
0	A young boy wearing goggles and a billed hat holding a stick.
1	a happy boy wearing goggles and a billed hat holding a stick.
0	A variety of signs point in different directions.
1	a variety of signs point in like directions.
0	A train carrying tanks traveling through a rural countryside.
1	a train carrying tanks traveling through a urban countryside.
0	a long train riding down the tracks its yellow and green
0	A yellow train traveling down train tracks in rural countryside.
1	a short train riding down the tracks its yellow and green
1	a yellow train traveling down train tracks in urban countryside.
0	A modern commuter train at an outdoor station
1	a ancient commuter train at an outdoor station
0	A long train traveling through a lush green countryside.
1	a short train traveling through a lush green countryside.
0	A train travels slowly toward the beautiful sunset.
1	a train travels slowly toward the ugly sunset.
1	a train travels quickly toward the beautiful sunset.
0	A long bridge with cars has a train going underneath.
1	a short bridge with cars has a train going underneath.
0	A train parked at an outdoor platform with buildings surrounding it.
1	a train parked at an indoor platform with buildings surrounding it.
0	A long red and yellow train traveling down tracks.
1	a short red and yellow train traveling down tracks.
0	Train cars sitting still in different colors.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	train cars sitting still in like colors.
1	a large narrow train on a steel track.
0	A long train filled with nothing but cabooses.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a short train filled with nothing but cabooses.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A short passenger train goes down the tracks.
1	a long passenger train goes down the tracks.
0	An orange cat standing on top of a hard wood floor.
1	an orange cat standing on top of a simple wood floor.
0	Two cows stand in an enclosed, dirty area.
1	two cows stand in an enclosed, cheap area.
0	Several different color cows walking in water near trees.
1	several like color cows walking in water near trees.
0	The cat is laying comfortable on the floor.
1	the cat is laying uncomfortable on the floor.
0	there are many different colored cows on the farm
1	there are many like colored cows on the farm
0	A young calf drinks from its mother's udders
0	A mother cow with a young calf feeding in a grassy area.
1	a happy calf drinks from its mother's udders
1	a mother cow with a happy calf feeding in a grassy area.
0	A dump truck traveling down a rural street road.
1	a dump truck traveling down a urban street road.
0	Cow graze in a field outside of a rural township.
1	cow graze in a field outside of a urban township.
0	An obese man wears an excessively long pink necktie as he stands beside a tree.
1	an obese man wears an excessively short pink necktie as he stands beside a tree.
0	a young man wearing a white shirt and red tie and a hat
0	a young wearing a white shirt red tie and a ha t
0	A young man is wearing a white shirt, red tie, and hat.
1	a happy man wearing a white shirt and red tie and a hat
1	a happy wearing a white shirt red tie and a ha t
1	a happy man is wearing a white shirt, red tie, and hat.
0	Boats in a river with trees alongside in a rural setting.
1	boats in a river with trees alongside in a urban setting.
0	A  tiny kitten is on the keys, the computer keyboard that is.
1	a huge kitten is on the keys, the computer keyboard that is.
0	Many different boats moving in the open water.
1	many like boats moving in the open water.
0	A huge rock formation at the top of a hill.
1	a tiny rock formation at the top of a hill.
0	a multicolored and old chair made out of different cases
0	There are many different luggages arranged to look like a chair
0	A multi-colored chair made out of different briefcases.
1	a multicolored and old chair made out of like cases
1	there are many like luggages arranged to look like a chair
1	a multi-colored chair made out of like briefcases.
0	Two young ladies that are covered in a blanket beneath a umbrella.
0	young girls standing under an umbrella with writing on it
1	two happy ladies that are covered in a blanket beneath a umbrella.
1	happy girls standing under an umbrella with writing on it
0	A huge pile of luggage near a book rack.
1	a tiny pile of luggage near a book rack.
0	Group of adult and young elephants walking in a line
1	group of adult and happy elephants walking in a line
0	The woman holding an umbrella smiles on the narrow street beside the sidewalk.
1	the woman holding an umbrella smiles on the dirty street beside the sidewalk.
0	A young baby who has been placed in a suticase
1	a happy baby who has been placed in a suticase
0	Two young women stand on a sandy beach while holding a colorful umbrella.
0	Two young women standing under a large umbrella on the beach.
1	two happy women stand on a sandy beach while holding a colorful umbrella.
1	two happy women standing under a large umbrella on the beach.
0	A young lady that is making a diving catch to get the frisbee.
1	a happy lady that is making a diving catch to get the frisbee.
0	Two young boys enjoying a game of frisbee on a playground.
1	two happy boys enjoying a game of frisbee on a playground.
0	A couple of young men playing a game of frisbee.
1	a couple of happy men playing a game of frisbee.
0	A man holding onto a yellow frisbee while having long hair.
1	a man holding onto a yellow frisbee while having short hair.
0	A young man playing with frisbee on a sunny day
1	a happy man playing with frisbee on a sunny day
0	A border collie sitting on the rocks surrounding a lake on a beautiful sunny day.
1	a border collie sitting on the rocks surrounding a lake on a ugly sunny day.
0	A young father holding his baby while the baby is holding a frisbee.
0	A young baby holding a colorful frisbee indoors.
1	a happy father holding his baby while the baby is holding a frisbee.
1	a happy baby holding a colorful frisbee indoors.
0	A man in tiny, red shorts lifts his leg as a yellow Frisbee hovers near him.
1	a man in huge, red shorts lifts his leg as a yellow frisbee hovers near him.
0	A young man running towards a white Frisbee.
0	A young man is catching or throwing a frisbee,
1	a happy man running towards a white frisbee.
1	a happy man is catching or throwing a frisbee,
0	a young white and black male zebra walking on a dirt road
1	a happy white and black male zebra walking on a dirt road
0	Two young girls riding on a horse together with an older girl walking next to the horse.
0	Two young kids riding a horse with a horse handler.
1	two happy girls riding on a horse together with an older girl walking next to the horse.
1	two happy kids riding a horse with a horse handler.
0	Several different avatars near a fence on a video game.
1	several like avatars near a fence on a video game.
0	there is a young boy that is riding a horse
0	A young boy rides a horse up a small ramp.
1	there is a happy boy that is riding a horse
1	a happy boy rides a horse up a small ramp.
0	some people ae waiting in a long room
1	some people ae waiting in a short room
0	this is young men playing baseball in a field
1	this is happy men playing baseball in a field
0	A well-traveled snow path shows snow-heavy evergreens in the back, and to the foreground, a well-bundled and hooded person, who is standing and holding long poles, while also wearing skis.
1	a well-traveled snow path shows snow-heavy evergreens in the back, and to the foreground, a well-bundled and hooded person, who is standing and holding short poles, while also wearing skis.
0	A young person on skis lies in the snow
1	a happy person on skis lies in the snow
0	Different colored vegetables sitting on a plate with croutons.
1	like colored vegetables sitting on a plate with croutons.
0	A blue sky and a line of hills loom in the distance before a pair of young skateboarders, one of whom is much further ahead of the other.
0	A young person is riding on a skateboard.
1	a blue sky and a line of hills loom in the distance before a pair of happy skateboarders, one of whom is much further ahead of the other.
1	a happy person is riding on a skateboard.
0	four young people on rolled skates in blue backgound
0	A group of young boys riding their skateboards down the road.
1	four happy people on rolled skates in blue backgound
1	a group of happy boys riding their skateboards down the road.
0	a cutting board that has some different kinds of food on it
1	a cutting board that has some like kinds of food on it
0	A young man riding a skateboard across leaf covered ground.
0	A young boy is having fun riding his skateboard in the park.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard across leaf covered ground.
1	a happy boy is having fun riding his skateboard in the park.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a rail.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a rail.
0	A plate topped with different types of food on a table.
1	a plate topped with like types of food on a table.
0	A young boy doing a trick on a skateboard
0	A young boy becoming airborne while riding a skate board.
1	a happy boy doing a trick on a skateboard
1	a happy boy becoming airborne while riding a skate board.
0	A young man performing a skate board  trick at a skate park.
1	a happy man performing a skate board trick at a skate park.
0	Young people and their skateboards sitting in a concrete city park
1	happy people and their skateboards sitting in a concrete city park
0	A young person attempts to skateboard along the wall.
1	a happy person attempts to skateboard along the wall.
0	A white plate topped with different types of food.
1	a white plate topped with like types of food.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a curvy sidewalk.
0	A young boy skateboards down a deserted sidewalk.
0	a young boy riding his skateboard down the sidewalk
0	A boy is skateboarding on a leafy sidewalk.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a curvy sidewalk.
1	a happy boy skateboards down a deserted sidewalk.
1	a happy boy riding his skateboard down the sidewalk
1	a boy is skateboarding on a leafless sidewalk.
0	A group of young men holding skateboards while talking.
0	Young teenagers are playing with tree branches and skateboards.
1	a group of happy men holding skateboards while talking.
1	happy teenagers are playing with tree branches and skateboards.
0	The young person is jumping down steps on his skateboard.
1	the happy person is jumping down steps on his skateboard.
0	A young man popping a wheelie on a skateboard.
0	A young boy jumping on top of his skate board.
0	Young boy with hooded jacket over helmet doing skate board tricks.
1	a happy man popping a wheelie on a skateboard.
1	a happy boy jumping on top of his skate board.
1	happy boy with hooded jacket over helmet doing skate board tricks.
0	A young man is having a lunch break in the office.
1	a happy man is having a lunch break in the office.
0	A beautiful woman holding a sandwich in her hands.
1	a ugly woman holding a sandwich in her hands.
0	A young man standing on top of a snow board in the snow.
0	A young man with a winter coat and hat is standing on his snow board.
1	a happy man standing on top of a snow board in the snow.
1	a happy man with a winter coat and hat is standing on his snow board.
0	A bun is too short for the long hot dog.
1	a bun is too long for the long hot dog.
0	Two young boys sit with a man in the grass as they eat hot dogs.
0	A group of young men sitting next to a creepy man.
1	two happy boys sit with a man in the grass as they eat hot dogs.
1	a group of happy men sitting next to a creepy man.
0	A young man in a hat holding a cup of coffee and a pastry.
0	Man in funny hat eating a coffee with an assortment of breakfast items.
1	a happy man in a hat holding a cup of coffee and a pastry.
1	man in dull hat eating a coffee with an assortment of breakfast items.
0	there are many different donuts sitting on top of a table
1	there are many like donuts sitting on top of a table
0	Several different plates with food served on them.
1	several like plates with food served on them.
0	A pack of donuts with different flavors.
0	A box of a dozen donuts has different flavored donuts in it.
1	a pack of donuts with like flavors.
1	a box of a dozen donuts has like flavored donuts in it.
0	Two different flavored donuts sitting on top of a white plate.
0	two different donuts on a plate set on a table
0	The two large donuts have very different toppings.
1	two like flavored donuts sitting on top of a white plate.
1	two like donuts on a plate set on a table
1	the two large donuts have very like toppings.
0	A box full of different kinds of doughtnuts
0	A drawer filled with different flavored donuts covered in frosting.
1	a box full of like kinds of doughtnuts
1	a drawer filled with like flavored donuts covered in frosting.
0	The young boy is eating his doughnut.
1	the happy boy is eating his doughnut.
0	Young people posing with surfboards on the beach.
0	A group of young men and woman holding surfboards.
1	happy people posing with surfboards on the beach.
1	a group of happy men and woman holding surfboards.
0	A couple of young hot women standing on a wave covered beach.
1	a couple of happy hot women standing on a wave covered beach.
0	Happy surfers holding up their boards on the beach
1	angry surfers holding up their boards on the beach
0	One adult and three kids standing at a table singing happy birthday.
0	A family gathers around a young boy standing in front of a birthday cake with lit candles.
0	Three young boys examine a candle clad pie.
1	one adult and three kids standing at a table singing angry birthday.
1	a family gathers around a happy boy standing in front of a birthday cake with lit candles.
1	three happy boys examine a candle clad pie.
0	A man and a young woman standing next to two surfboards.
0	Two young people are posing for the camera with their surf boards.
1	a man and a happy woman standing next to two surfboards.
1	two happy people are posing for the camera with their surf boards.
0	A young woman falls while surfing in the ocean.
1	a happy woman falls while surfing in the ocean.
0	The happy couple are cutting the cake together
0	The happy couple cutting their wedding cake together
1	the angry couple are cutting the cake together
1	the angry couple cutting their wedding cake together
0	A man poses for a Happy Anniversary photo.
1	a man poses for a angry anniversary photo.
0	This young surfer is waiting to catch a bigger wave
1	this happy surfer is waiting to catch a bigger wave
0	there is a young boy riding a surf board in the water
0	A smiling young boy lying on a surfboard rides in on the surf.
1	there is a happy boy riding a surf board in the water
1	a smiling happy boy lying on a surfboard rides in on the surf.
0	Young people in the water playing on boogie boards.
1	happy people in the water playing on boogie boards.
0	A young surf boarder is riding in the water
0	A young surfer boy has rode the wave into shore.
0	A young boy catching a small wave on his surfboard.
1	a happy surf boarder is riding in the water
1	a happy surfer boy has rode the wave into shore.
1	a happy boy catching a small wave on his surfboard.
0	A lone young male adult surfing the waves.
1	a lone happy male adult surfing the waves.
0	Two young men posing for a picture holding their surf boards with the ocean in the background.
0	Two young surfers display their boards and bare chests.
1	two happy men posing for a picture holding their surf boards with the ocean in the background.
1	two happy surfers display their boards and bare chests.
0	A bed that is covered in many different types of books.
1	a bed that is covered in many like types of books.
0	A young girl laying on her stomach reading a book.
0	A young child reading on her bed next to a cat.
1	a happy girl laying on her stomach reading a book.
1	a happy child reading on her bed next to a cat.
0	A young surfer is surfing in the middle of an ocean.
1	a happy surfer is surfing in the middle of an ocean.
0	A group of young people gather with surfboards on a tropical beach.
1	a group of happy people gather with surfboards on a tropical beach.
0	A man is somewhat hard to be seen in the wave, on his board.
1	a man is somewhat simple to be seen in the wave, on his board.
0	A young boy wearing a wet suit laying on his surfboard paddling in the water.
0	A young surfer is riding a tiny wave.
1	a happy boy wearing a wet suit laying on his surfboard paddling in the water.
1	a happy surfer is riding a tiny wave.
0	A young man riding a board on top of a wave.
1	a happy man riding a board on top of a wave.
0	A man with long hair wearing a red suit surfing.
1	a man with short hair wearing a red suit surfing.
0	a young man on a surfboard, surfing a wave
1	a happy man on a surfboard, surfing a wave
0	a young woman kneeling down beside a queen size bed
1	a happy woman kneeling down beside a queen size bed
0	A surfer almost horizontal after encountering a wave.
0	A young man surfing over an ocean wave.
1	a surfer almost perpendicular after encountering a wave.
1	a happy man surfing over an ocean wave.
0	A man and a young child in the ocean on a surf board.
1	a man and a happy child in the ocean on a surf board.
0	a person standing on a surfboard riding a short little wave
1	a person standing on a surfboard riding a long little wave
0	A young boy riding a wave board in the water
0	A young boy riding a blue surfboard on a wave.
0	A young boy on a wake board in the water.
1	a happy boy riding a wave board in the water
1	a happy boy riding a blue surfboard on a wave.
1	a happy boy on a wake board in the water.
0	A simple dorm room with single bed and desk.
1	a hard dorm room with single bed and desk.
0	young woman lying on a surf board in the ocean
1	happy woman lying on a surf board in the ocean
0	A crowd of young people attend a desert gathering.
1	a crowd of happy people attend a desert gathering.
0	A smiling man in a red short carries a surfboard.
0	A young man carrying a blue and red surf board from the water.
1	a smiling man in a red long carries a surfboard.
1	a happy man carrying a blue and red surf board from the water.
0	A small bedroom houses a tiny work space with a computer and other electronics.
1	a small bedroom houses a huge work space with a computer and other electronics.
0	An older woman and a young boy sitting on a bench in a park.
1	an older woman and a happy boy sitting on a bench in a park.
0	Happy man standing on a tennis court holding a racket.
1	angry man standing on a tennis court holding a racket.
0	A young adult male is holding a tennis racket near his face.
1	a happy adult male is holding a tennis racket near his face.
0	people eating pizzas and drinking sodas sitting at a long table
0	A young man is biting into a slice of pizza.
1	people eating pizzas and drinking sodas sitting at a short table
1	a happy man is biting into a slice of pizza.
0	Four separate shots of a young girl playing Tennis.
1	four separate shots of a happy girl playing tennis.
0	A young woman on a tennis court preparing to serve the ball.
1	a happy woman on a tennis court preparing to serve the ball.
0	A young women holding a tennis racket
0	A young woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy women holding a tennis racket
1	a happy woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	A group of pretty young ladies standing on a tennis court.
1	a group of pretty happy ladies standing on a tennis court.
0	young people sitting at a table and eating pizza
1	happy people sitting at a table and eating pizza
0	Group of young men in tennis uniforms posing for a picture.
1	group of happy men in tennis uniforms posing for a picture.
0	A tiny piece of pizza is in between a fork and a knife.
1	a huge piece of pizza is in between a fork and a knife.
0	A young woman plays tennis on the tennis court.
1	a happy woman plays tennis on the tennis court.
0	A beautiful blond holding a tennis racquet on a  court.
1	a ugly blond holding a tennis racquet on a court.
0	a young female holding a tennis racket in a tennis court
1	a happy female holding a tennis racket in a tennis court
0	A group of people in a circle, while holding tennis rackets and standing on a hard surface tennis court.
0	A cluster of young men hold tennis rackets as they group together on a tennis court.
1	a group of people in a circle, while holding tennis rackets and standing on a simple surface tennis court.
1	a cluster of happy men hold tennis rackets as they group together on a tennis court.
0	A living room with hard wood floors and a tv over a fireplace.
1	a living room with simple wood floors and a tv over a fireplace.
0	A young woman laying on a couch holding cats.
1	a happy woman laying on a couch holding cats.
0	A beautiful young woman holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
1	a ugly young woman holding a nintendo wii game controller.
0	a bunch of young adults stand in a field in front of trees and a mountain
1	a bunch of happy adults stand in a field in front of trees and a mountain
0	A group of three young boys playing soccer outside.
0	A group of young boys standing around a soccer field kicking around a soccer ball.
1	a group of three happy boys playing soccer outside.
1	a group of happy boys standing around a soccer field kicking around a soccer ball.
0	Four young people have crowded into a small office.
1	four happy people have crowded into a small office.
0	A young man with his head next to the tv
1	a happy man with his head next to the tv
0	Two young children fly their kite in the blue sky.
0	Two young children flying  a kite on the beach
1	two happy children fly their kite in the blue sky.
1	two happy children flying a kite on the beach
0	A young man sitting on a couch using a laptop computer.
1	a happy man sitting on a couch using a laptop computer.
0	A kite with a long tail flying in the air
0	A kite with two long tail streamers flying in a sky with a single cloud
1	a kite with a short tail flying in the air
1	a kite with two short tail streamers flying in a sky with a single cloud
0	a kite flying high in a partially cloudy sky
1	a kite flying high in a altogether cloudy sky
0	A young man holding a baseball in front of a pitcher.
1	a happy man holding a baseball in front of a pitcher.
0	A young boy stands in a room holding up a bat.
0	a young boy is holding up a bat
0	A young boy holds a softball bat over his head indoors.
1	a happy boy stands in a room holding up a bat.
1	a happy boy is holding up a bat
1	a happy boy holds a softball bat over his head indoors.
0	a young person standing holding a baseball bat
1	a happy person standing holding a baseball bat
0	A young baseball player about to take a swing
1	a happy baseball player about to take a swing
0	A young man playing baseball swings at home plate.
0	A hard swing ends in a strike call by the umpire.
1	a happy man playing baseball swings at home plate.
1	a simple swing ends in a strike call by the umpire.
0	A young man running to first base during a baseball game.
1	a happy man running to first base during a baseball game.
0	A group of young women eating pizza together.
0	Young people eating pizza and other snacks at a party.
1	a group of happy women eating pizza together.
1	happy people eating pizza and other snacks at a party.
0	A pizza with different toppings on it on a dish.
1	a pizza with like toppings on it on a dish.
0	A young adult male in shorts and tennis shoes is playing tennis.
1	a happy adult male in shorts and tennis shoes is playing tennis.
0	a young boy throwing a ball in a tennis court
0	A young man in gym clothes on a tennis court.
1	a happy boy throwing a ball in a tennis court
1	a happy man in gym clothes on a tennis court.
0	a young boy wearing a blue shirt holding a tennis racket
1	a happy boy wearing a blue shirt holding a tennis racket
0	a young boy with a blue shirt is playing tennis
0	A young man holding a tennis recquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy boy with a blue shirt is playing tennis
1	a happy man holding a tennis recquet on a tennis court.
0	A young woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	A young man is playing tennis in a white tshirt
1	a happy woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy man is playing tennis in a white tshirt
0	An outdoor garden with a brick wall behind it and many plants in pots.
1	an indoor garden with a brick wall behind it and many plants in pots.
0	there are many different flowers that are laying on the table
0	A bunch of different flowers that are laying on a table.
1	there are many like flowers that are laying on the table
1	a bunch of like flowers that are laying on a table.
0	Three different computers standing on a brown desk.
1	three like computers standing on a brown desk.
0	A man and a young boy working on laptop computers.
1	a man and a happy boy working on laptop computers.
0	A table full of dirty dishes is pictured in this image.
1	a table full of cheap dishes is pictured in this image.
0	A young boy using a computer on a kitchen table.
0	A young boy sitting at a table doing work on a laptop.
0	A young boy is sitting at a table with a laptop.
1	a happy boy using a computer on a kitchen table.
1	a happy boy sitting at a table doing work on a laptop.
1	a happy boy is sitting at a table with a laptop.
0	A young woman making a face while working on a laptop.
1	a happy woman making a face while working on a laptop.
0	A smart phone sitting on a table next to a bottle of corona beer.
1	a dumb phone sitting on a table next to a bottle of corona beer.
0	A silver refrigerator with digital display in a kitchen.
0	Large metal refrigerator with a digital interface on the door.
1	a silver refrigerator with analog display in a kitchen.
1	large metal refrigerator with a analog interface on the door.
0	Beautiful yellow flowers with orange centers in a blue vase.
0	Here are some beautiful orange and yellow flowers
1	ugly yellow flowers with orange centers in a blue vase.
1	here are some ugly orange and yellow flowers
0	The unusual clock in the window attracts many window shoppers.
1	the usual clock in the window attracts many window shoppers.
0	A huge and strange looking clock towers on the building.
1	a tiny and strange looking clock towers on the building.
0	An ornately painted urn sitting on a a table in front of an elaborate colorful pole.
1	an ornately unpainted urn sitting on a a table in front of an elaborate colorful pole.
0	A young child standing next to a large box.
0	A young boy is unwrapping paper covering a box.
1	a happy child standing next to a large box.
1	a happy boy is unwrapping paper covering a box.
0	A YOUNG LADY IS SITTING AT A TABLE WITH A HUGE TEDDY BEAR
1	a happy lady is sitting at a table with a huge teddy bear
0	Young bespectacled man cooks food on a stove top.
1	happy bespectacled man cooks food on a stove top.
0	A young couple and their two children enjoy a relaxing meal in a floating cabana.
0	A family of four sitting on an outdoor sofa
1	a happy couple and their two children enjoy a relaxing meal in a floating cabana.
1	a family of four sitting on an indoor sofa
0	Woman drinking from a wine glass in an outdoor setting.
1	woman drinking from a wine glass in an indoor setting.
0	A home kitchen with wood cabinets and a long table
1	a home kitchen with wood cabinets and a narrow table
0	Three smiling young people standing in a parking lot.
1	three smiling happy people standing in a parking lot.
0	A young man is mixing something in a bowl and cooking in pans on the stove.
1	a happy man is mixing something in a bowl and cooking in pans on the stove.
0	A young couple in a small kitchen washing dishes.
1	a happy couple in a small kitchen washing dishes.
0	A group of young children kicking a soccer ball around a field.
0	A group of young kids playing soccer on a grassy field.
1	a group of happy children kicking a soccer ball around a field.
1	a group of happy kids playing soccer on a grassy field.
0	quaint kitchen with pink flowers on a small central table
0	A simple kitchen decorated with colorful a tablecloth.
1	quaint kitchen with pink flowers on a small peripheral table
1	a hard kitchen decorated with colorful a tablecloth.
0	Asian woman washing all of her dirty dishes.
1	asian woman washing all of her cheap dishes.
0	The large, industrial kitchen has huge metallic tubs on the walls.
1	the large, industrial kitchen has tiny metallic tubs on the walls.
0	A dirty commercial kitchen with a bowl on the counter
0	A kitchen with a long wooden counter and a metal pan on it.
1	a cheap commercial kitchen with a bowl on the counter
1	a kitchen with a narrow wooden counter and a metal pan on it.
0	A dirty bathroom with a tub and toilet
1	a cheap bathroom with a tub and toilet
0	A pretty young lady sitting on a sidewalk next to an older man.
0	A young woman sitting on the curb while others stand nearby.
0	The young woman sits on the curb of the sidewalk
1	a pretty happy lady sitting on a sidewalk next to an older man.
1	a happy woman sitting on the curb while others stand nearby.
1	the happy woman sits on the curb of the sidewalk
0	A young man riding a bike past a lake.
1	a happy man riding a bike past a lake.
0	A public bathroom with a long line of sinks and mirrors.
1	a public bathroom with a short line of sinks and mirrors.
0	A young man walking down a street next to a red and yellow bus.
1	a happy man walking down a street next to a red and yellow bus.
0	stop sign in a rural area in the fall
1	stop sign in a urban area in the fall
0	A toilet with no seat sits in a tiny bathroom.
1	a toilet with no seat sits in a huge bathroom.
0	A bathroom stall that has very dirty walls.
0	A white toilet in a dirty black room.
1	a bathroom stall that has very cheap walls.
1	a white toilet in a cheap black room.
0	A young man bending next to a toilet.
1	a happy man bending next to a toilet.
0	There is a toilet in a narrow bathroom.
0	A toilet in a narrow passage with two fans behind it.
1	there is a toilet in a dirty bathroom.
1	a toilet in a dirty passage with two fans behind it.
0	A lone tan toilet stands in a dirty room.
1	a lone tan toilet stands in a cheap room.
0	There is a lone toilet at the end of a long room.
0	The carpet in the tiny room has a lot of debris and a toilet on it.
0	The bathroom is dirty and needs to be clean.
1	there is a lone toilet at the end of a short room.
1	the carpet in the huge room has a lot of debris and a toilet on it.
1	the bathroom is cheap and needs to be clean.
0	The toilet has different types of coverings on them.
1	the toilet has like types of coverings on them.
0	A living room with some long tables and some laptops.
1	a living room with some short tables and some laptops.
0	Native man riding motorcycle on pave roadway in rural area.
0	a man in a white turban drives a motorcycle along a dirty road.
1	native man riding motorcycle on pave roadway in urban area.
1	a man in a white turban drives a motorcycle along a cheap road.
0	Young child in walker in crowded urban home living room.
1	happy child in walker in crowded urban home living room.
0	A young man reading aloud from a book.
1	a happy man reading aloud from a book.
0	A pretty young girl standing next to another pretty young girl on a beach.
0	Two almost identical photos with some minor cropping show two young girls standing on the coast with people in the water in the background as a plane flies overhead
1	a pretty happy girl standing next to another pretty young girl on a beach.
1	two almost identical photos with some minor cropping show two happy girls standing on the coast with people in the water in the background as a plane flies overhead
0	Many different people parked on motor bikes on a street.
1	many like people parked on motor bikes on a street.
0	A young giraffe stands in a grassy field.
1	a happy giraffe stands in a grassy field.
0	A blonde woman in a red coat crosses the street with her friend.
1	a brunette woman in a red coat crosses the street with her friend.
0	A young woman sitting on a wooden bench with a dog.
0	A young girl with a dog standing in her lap.
1	a happy woman sitting on a wooden bench with a dog.
1	a happy girl with a dog standing in her lap.
0	A traffic signal with a happy face over the green light.
0	A green stoplight has a happy face in it.
1	a traffic signal with a angry face over the green light.
1	a green stoplight has a angry face in it.
0	Three vehicles driving across a long bridge.
1	three vehicles driving across a short bridge.
0	A young man stands in front of a row of parked buses.
1	a happy man stands in front of a row of parked buses.
0	Two people using cleaning brushes on an outdoor monument.
1	two people using cleaning brushes on an indoor monument.
0	A car drives beside a long line of buses
0	a car passing a long line of parked buses
1	a car drives beside a short line of buses
1	a car passing a short line of parked buses
0	Sheep, one in mixed brown and white fleece and long horns, the other in beige fleece grazing on grass.
1	sheep, one in mixed brown and white fleece and short horns, the other in beige fleece grazing on grass.
0	An orange fire hydrant outside a modern office building
0	A view of a modern building with skylight and a fire hydrant.
1	an orange fire hydrant outside a ancient office building
1	a view of a ancient building with skylight and a fire hydrant.
0	A young man walking down the street passed a parked fire truck.
1	a happy man walking down the street passed a parked fire truck.
0	A long bus drives through a wide city street
0	A very long blue city bus driving down the road.
0	A very long blue bus traveling down a road next to a tall building.
1	a short bus drives through a wide city street
1	a very short blue city bus driving down the road.
1	a very short blue bus traveling down a road next to a tall building.
0	A very long blue and white bus pulling out of a parking lot.
1	a very short blue and white bus pulling out of a parking lot.
0	A bus is driving down a narrow street.
1	a bus is driving down a dirty street.
0	A bus yard filled with lots of different buses.
1	a bus yard filled with lots of like buses.
0	A shopping cart and a fire hydrant near the South Common Centre.
1	a shopping cart and a fire hydrant near the north common centre.
0	A black and white dog is walking on a narrow roadway as pigeons fly above him.
1	a black and white dog is walking on a dirty roadway as pigeons fly above him.
0	A long red bus stops on a narrow one way street where only it can go.
0	A bus drives along a narrow street and people are walking on the sidewalks on either side of the road.
1	a short red bus stops on a narrow one way street where only it can go.
1	a bus drives along a dirty street and people are walking on the sidewalks on either side of the road.
0	A long city bus pulls away from the curb into traffic.
1	a short city bus pulls away from the curb into traffic.
0	A young giraffe tries to stand up straight on it's legs.
1	a happy giraffe tries to stand up straight on it's legs.
0	A funny storefront sign and motto on the building.
1	a dull storefront sign and motto on the building.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	a big long bridge walkway over some green trains
1	a big short bridge walkway over some green trains
0	A metal pole covered in different street signs.
1	a metal pole covered in like street signs.
0	A faded stop sign with two street signs above, in a rural area.
1	a faded stop sign with two street signs above, in a urban area.
0	Different color paintings on the side of a building.
1	like color paintings on the side of a building.
0	Two young men standing next to two dogs.
1	two happy men standing next to two dogs.
0	A young man leaing a cow down a rural country road.
0	a young boy holding onto a harness for a cow
1	a happy man leaing a cow down a rural country road.
1	a happy boy holding onto a harness for a cow
0	Two images of the same boat with a painted face on the prow.
1	two images of the same boat with a unpainted face on the prow.
0	Young calf nursing off mom in a field.
1	happy calf nursing off mom in a field.
0	Man riding a horse down a herd of several different cows.
1	man riding a horse down a herd of several like cows.
0	A beautiful young lady wearing a skirt standing with her legs spread apart.
0	A young woman in plaid skirt at sunset
0	Young woman with long legs in fashion business suit.
1	a ugly young lady wearing a skirt standing with her legs spread apart.
1	a happy woman in plaid skirt at sunset
1	happy woman with long legs in fashion business suit.
0	A young boy wearing a blue sweater and a neck tie.
0	A young boy is all dressed up in a shirt, tie and sweater.
1	a happy boy wearing a blue sweater and a neck tie.
1	a happy boy is all dressed up in a shirt, tie and sweater.
0	A beautiful woman laying in bed on top of a my little pony pillow.
1	a ugly woman laying in bed on top of a my little pony pillow.
0	The inside bow section of a narrow metal boat floating on blue-green water.
1	the inside bow section of a dirty metal boat floating on blue-green water.
0	An adult poses with a young child on the sidewalk for a picture.
1	an adult poses with a happy child on the sidewalk for a picture.
0	A woman holding up a smart phone and a little girl.
1	a woman holding up a dumb phone and a little girl.
0	A man wearing glasses making funny facial expressions.
1	a man wearing glasses making dull facial expressions.
0	A beautiful view of a boat harbor near a large mountain.
1	a ugly view of a boat harbor near a large mountain.
0	A group of sailboats sailing beyond a long bridge.
1	a group of sailboats sailing beyond a short bridge.
0	A hipster with purple hair holding up a smart phone.
1	a hipster with purple hair holding up a dumb phone.
0	Woman with dark black'blue hair wearing a huge black and white diamond striped tie.
1	woman with dark black'blue hair wearing a tiny black and white diamond striped tie.
0	A young woman wearing a suite and hat holding a cell phone.
1	a happy woman wearing a suite and hat holding a cell phone.
0	A young person wearing a black hat, black shirt and a garish tie, looks warily upwards.
1	a happy person wearing a black hat, black shirt and a garish tie, looks warily upwards.
0	A man speaking in an outdoor area in the city.
1	a man speaking in an indoor area in the city.
0	Man speaking from lectern at outdoor gathering in urban area.
1	man speaking from lectern at indoor gathering in urban area.
0	A woman with long, colored hair is smiling.
1	a woman with short, colored hair is smiling.
0	A woman with long purple hair takes a selfie with her cell phone.
1	a woman with short purple hair takes a selfie with her cell phone.
0	A young cat stands on a computer desk.
1	a happy cat stands on a computer desk.
0	A white cat in front of a huge monitor and scanner.
1	a white cat in front of a tiny monitor and scanner.
0	An old man and a young child is working on something.
1	an old man and a happy child is working on something.
0	People stand and look at a real painted elephant.
0	a painted elephant pointing its trunk at a girl
1	people stand and look at a real unpainted elephant.
1	a unpainted elephant pointing its trunk at a girl
0	Two lounges are pictured next to a beautiful private pool.
1	two lounges are pictured next to a ugly private pool.
0	A group of long boats sit on the shore of a beach.
1	a group of short boats sit on the shore of a beach.
0	A room that has a bunch of different suitcases.
1	a room that has a bunch of like suitcases.
0	A young girl in a fairy dress under an umbrella
0	A young girl in a princess costume and an umbrella.
1	a happy girl in a fairy dress under an umbrella
1	a happy girl in a princess costume and an umbrella.
0	Several boats sailing on a beautiful day.
1	several boats sailing on a ugly day.
0	Many colored umbrellas hanging from an outdoor open grid ceiling.
1	many colored umbrellas hanging from an indoor open grid ceiling.
0	The young man is sitting on the suitcases relaxing.
1	the happy man is sitting on the suitcases relaxing.
0	A beautiful young lady walking down a street in the rain.
1	a ugly young lady walking down a street in the rain.
0	Young servicemen and servicewomen stand next to a blue bus with luggage.
1	happy servicemen and servicewomen stand next to a blue bus with luggage.
0	A line of different suitcases with people standing nearby.
0	A long line of suitcases with luggage tags on them.
1	a line of like suitcases with people standing nearby.
1	a narrow line of suitcases with luggage tags on them.
0	three short furry bears sniffing in some weeds next to a grassy bank
1	three long furry bears sniffing in some weeds next to a grassy bank
0	A young man doing tricks with his frisbee.
0	A young man holding a white frisbee next to poles.
0	A young man performing a stunt with a white disc.
1	a happy man doing tricks with his frisbee.
1	a happy man holding a white frisbee next to poles.
1	a happy man performing a stunt with a white disc.
0	two young zebras in an open field of dry grass
1	two happy zebras in an open field of dry grass
0	A group of young men playing a game of frisbee.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of frisbee.
0	A young man in blue jersey playing with a white frisbee.
1	a happy man in blue jersey playing with a white frisbee.
0	A young man holding a catchers mitt next to another boy holding a bat.
0	Two young boys playing baseball outside in an empty lot.
1	a happy man holding a catchers mitt next to another boy holding a bat.
1	two happy boys playing baseball outside in an empty lot.
0	A beautiful woman riding skis down a snow covered hill.
1	a ugly woman riding skis down a snow covered hill.
0	A young man holding a bunch of green bananas inside of  a store.
0	Young man exclaiming over an unripe green plantain.
1	a happy man holding a bunch of green bananas inside of a store.
1	happy man exclaiming over an unripe green plantain.
0	A plate of cooked different foods on a plate.
1	a plate of cooked like foods on a plate.
0	An angled shot shows a tilted room with pink walls and someone's elbow close to a young woman holding part of a sandwich, with a tilted table top before her, on which rests a napkin.
0	A young woman holding a knife and cutting something.
0	A young woman holds a sandwich in one hand and a large knife in the other.
1	an angled shot shows a tilted room with pink walls and someone's elbow close to a happy woman holding part of a sandwich, with a tilted table top before her, on which rests a napkin.
1	a happy woman holding a knife and cutting something.
1	a happy woman holds a sandwich in one hand and a large knife in the other.
0	An above shot of several different fruits and vegetables.
1	an above shot of several like fruits and vegetables.
0	A Swiss Army Knife with man different selections of knives.
1	a swiss army knife with man like selections of knives.
0	A young kid with skiing gear on the snow
0	A young girl in pink holding a set of skis.
1	a happy kid with skiing gear on the snow
1	a happy girl in pink holding a set of skis.
0	Skiers look around while patiently waiting in a long line.
1	skiers look around while patiently waiting in a narrow line.
0	young men filming skating tricks on their skateboards
1	happy men filming skating tricks on their skateboards
0	One young man films another on a skateboard
0	Young adults riding on city sidewalk with skateboards.
1	one happy man films another on a skateboard
1	happy adults riding on city sidewalk with skateboards.
0	people eating on a table with many different food types on it
1	people eating on a table with many like food types on it
0	A long sandwich is on a table with chips.
0	The long sandwich next to chips is cut into halves.
1	a short sandwich is on a table with chips.
1	the short sandwich next to chips is cut into halves.
0	Two young women sitting together eating and drinking
1	two happy women sitting together eating and drinking
0	A young person becoming airborne while riding a snow board.
1	a happy person becoming airborne while riding a snow board.
0	A group of young men standing next to each other holding up snowboards.
0	two young men hold snowboards on a platform
1	a group of happy men standing next to each other holding up snowboards.
1	two happy men hold snowboards on a platform
0	A couple of white plates topped with different types of food.
1	a couple of white plates topped with like types of food.
0	A pizza cut into six slices with three different toppings.
0	a sliced pizza in a box with different topings
1	a pizza cut into six slices with three like toppings.
1	a sliced pizza in a box with like topings
0	A huge shot of almost an entire football field during the game.
1	a tiny shot of almost an entire football field during the game.
0	A young woman has just made a cake she gives a thumbs-up to as sme smiles at the camera.
1	a happy woman has just made a cake she gives a thumbs-up to as sme smiles at the camera.
0	A pretty young lady laying in bed using a laptop.
1	a pretty happy lady laying in bed using a laptop.
0	a surfer riding a beautiful green ocean wave
1	a surfer riding a ugly green ocean wave
0	Woman carrying cake near man holding baby at outdoor celebration.
1	woman carrying cake near man holding baby at indoor celebration.
0	A cooked pizza with different toppings sitting on a pan.
1	a cooked pizza with like toppings sitting on a pan.
0	A young girl with goggles is using a float to relax in the pool.
1	a happy girl with goggles is using a float to relax in the pool.
0	A view of a cat while looking down the back of a different cat.
1	a view of a cat while looking down the back of a like cat.
0	A bed on hard wood floor in a room with three doors.
1	a bed on simple wood floor in a room with three doors.
0	Two young women playing a game of Frisbee on a beach.
1	two happy women playing a game of frisbee on a beach.
0	A young woman with a taped knee plays tennis.
0	The young lady tennis player is holding a racket.
1	a happy woman with a taped knee plays tennis.
1	the happy lady tennis player is holding a racket.
0	A young lady holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
1	a happy lady holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
0	A pretty young lady running towards a tennis ball while holding a tennis racquet.
1	a pretty happy lady running towards a tennis ball while holding a tennis racquet.
0	A young lady standing on a  tennis court with a racquet.
0	a young women playing a game of tennis
1	a happy lady standing on a tennis court with a racquet.
1	a happy women playing a game of tennis
0	A young man is swinging at a tennis ball.
1	a happy man is swinging at a tennis ball.
0	A pretty young lady standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a pretty happy lady standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	tHERE ARE TWO YOUNG KIDS PLAYING IN A TUB
1	there are two happy kids playing in a tub
0	A table that is in a dirty room.
1	a table that is in a cheap room.
0	A basement living area with different types of furniture.
1	a basement living area with like types of furniture.
0	A young blonde kid playing with a Wii remote.
1	a happy blonde kid playing with a wii remote.
0	A young boy holding a Wii game controller.
0	a young kid playing with a wii remote
0	a young boy is holding a video game console controller
1	a happy boy holding a wii game controller.
1	a happy kid playing with a wii remote
1	a happy boy is holding a video game console controller
0	A young boy holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
0	a close up of a young child playing nintendo wii
1	a happy boy holding nintendo wii game controllers.
1	a close up of a happy child playing nintendo wii
0	A long narrow room with a window at the far end.
1	a short narrow room with a window at the far end.
0	A young man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
1	a happy man holding a nintendo wii game controller.
0	A group of young people sitting on a couch next to a guy playing a Nintendo Wii.
0	Two women sit on a couch reading while a young man plays a video game.
1	a group of happy people sitting on a couch next to a guy playing a nintendo wii.
1	two women sit on a couch reading while a happy man plays a video game.
0	A young man holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
1	a happy man holding nintendo wii game controllers.
0	A very hairy white man celebrating with his wii remotes.
1	a very hairless white man celebrating with his wii remotes.
0	Different angles of a keyboard and a mouse.
0	A display of different angles of a keyboard and a wireless mouse.
1	like angles of a keyboard and a mouse.
1	a display of like angles of a keyboard and a wireless mouse.
0	There are three different computer systems in this room.
1	there are three like computer systems in this room.
0	A huge blue kite is standing in front of a yellow curtain, as a man wearing a white shirt stands in the background looking on.
1	a tiny blue kite is standing in front of a yellow curtain, as a man wearing a white shirt stands in the background looking on.
0	Beautiful blue sky with a person with an open parachute ascending the sky.
1	ugly blue sky with a person with an open parachute ascending the sky.
0	A young boy flying a kite in a blue sky with clouds.
0	A young boy in a red shirt flies a kit high in the sky while a girl in a t-shirt watches.
1	a happy boy flying a kite in a blue sky with clouds.
1	a happy boy in a red shirt flies a kit high in the sky while a girl in a t-shirt watches.
0	Two people fly a kite, looking upward.
1	two people fly a kite, looking downward.
0	a building with a short clocktower in the front of it
1	a building with a long clocktower in the front of it
0	A city intersection displays a clock on a long tall stand.
1	a city intersection displays a clock on a short tall stand.
0	a young person holding a baseball bat in a field
0	A young baseball player holding a bat over his shoulder.
0	A young boy poses for a picture in his baseball uniform.
0	A YOUNG BOY IN HIS BASEBALL UNIFORM HOLDING A BAT.
1	a happy person holding a baseball bat in a field
1	a happy baseball player holding a bat over his shoulder.
1	a happy boy poses for a picture in his baseball uniform.
1	a happy boy in his baseball uniform holding a bat.
0	A kitchen island with different types of pizza to choose from
1	a kitchen island with like types of pizza to choose from
0	Male tennis player hitting a tennis ball on hard court.
1	male tennis player hitting a tennis ball on simple court.
0	A long corridor with a clock mounted to the ceiling.
1	a short corridor with a clock mounted to the ceiling.
0	A young woman with bruised face and bloody now holding a stuffed animal mouse in her arms.
1	a happy woman with bruised face and bloody now holding a stuffed animal mouse in her arms.
0	A beautiful baby laying next to a teddy bear.
1	a ugly baby laying next to a teddy bear.
0	A young person talking on a cell phone on the sidewalk.
1	a happy person talking on a cell phone on the sidewalk.
0	an open refrigerator with many bottles and all kinds of different food
1	an open refrigerator with many bottles and all kinds of like food
0	an image of a outdoor shopping center at night
1	an image of a indoor shopping center at night
0	a woman blow drying her long hair
1	a woman blow drying her short hair
0	The building with a clock on each side has a huge spire.
1	the building with a clock on each side has a tiny spire.
0	Looking down at a vase of freshly cut flowers on an outdoor dining table
1	looking down at a vase of freshly cut flowers on an indoor dining table
0	A dirty brown and white teddy bear on the ground.
1	a cheap brown and white teddy bear on the ground.
0	A group of older people around a long restaurant table.
0	Diners in a restaurant sit at a long table.
1	a group of older people around a short restaurant table.
1	diners in a restaurant sit at a short table.
0	Lots of people are sitting at a long table sharing a meal.
0	A large group of people seated at a long dining table with food and drinks in a room.
1	lots of people are sitting at a short table sharing a meal.
1	a large group of people seated at a short dining table with food and drinks in a room.
0	A group of people having a discussion at a long dinner table.
1	a group of people having a discussion at a short dinner table.
0	A family happily eats together with smile son their faces
1	a family sadly eats together with smile son their faces
0	A plate has two bowls on it with two different types of food, one looks like pickled onions and the other looks like cooked meat.
1	a plate has two bowls on it with two like types of food, one looks like pickled onions and the other looks like cooked meat.
0	A group of people eating on a long table
1	a group of people eating on a short table
0	many people at a long table with drinks and food
0	A large group of people at a long dining table.
1	many people at a short table with drinks and food
1	a large group of people at a short dining table.
0	a group of people sitting at a long dining table in a restaurant
1	a group of people sitting at a short dining table in a restaurant
0	Folks enjoying a meal in outdoor setting with a beautiful view
1	folks enjoying a meal in indoor setting with a beautiful view
0	A family is sitting at an outdoor picnic table.
1	a family is sitting at an indoor picnic table.
0	A young man and woman drink wine at a wine bar.
1	a happy man and woman drink wine at a wine bar.
0	A group of young women sitting next to each other under an umbrella.
1	a group of happy women sitting next to each other under an umbrella.
0	A person holding up a smart phone to take a picture.
0	A person holding up a smart phone to take a picture.
1	a person holding up a dumb phone to take a picture.
1	a person holding up a dumb phone to take a picture.
0	A man with long gray hair in a pony tail has a beard and is wearing a black hat and dark colored suit while he looks at his cell phone.
1	a man with short gray hair in a pony tail has a beard and is wearing a black hat and dark colored suit while he looks at his cell phone.
0	A dining room with hard wood floors that is very fancy.
1	a dining room with simple wood floors that is very fancy.
0	Young guy in mid motion of catching a frisbee.
0	A young man in green shirt catching a white frisbee.
1	happy guy in mid motion of catching a frisbee.
1	a happy man in green shirt catching a white frisbee.
0	Kitchen with hardwood floor and modern fridge.
1	kitchen with hardwood floor and ancient fridge.
0	A young man holding a phone perches in a sunny kitchen window sill.
1	a happy man holding a phone perches in a sunny kitchen window sill.
0	Various kitchen dishes are arranged on many different shelves.
1	various kitchen dishes are arranged on many like shelves.
0	this is an image image of a modern kitchen
1	this is an image image of a ancient kitchen
0	On a narrow street people are taking pictures of sheep.
1	on a dirty street people are taking pictures of sheep.
0	Table with water pitchers and bowls of fruit against the wall in huge kitchen
1	table with water pitchers and bowls of fruit against the wall in tiny kitchen
0	A modern kitchen complete with a refrigerator and sink.
1	a ancient kitchen complete with a refrigerator and sink.
0	This kitchen has all white cabinets and there is a beautiful view in the background.
1	this kitchen has all white cabinets and there is a ugly view in the background.
0	A modern if messy modern kitchen white with red accents
1	a ancient if messy modern kitchen white with red accents
0	A blonde woman sitting on a park bench next to a green bike.
1	a brunette woman sitting on a park bench next to a green bike.
0	A newspaper wallpaper in a very modern bathroom.
1	a newspaper wallpaper in a very ancient bathroom.
0	A modern neutral bathroom adds charm and a spa environment.
1	a ancient neutral bathroom adds charm and a spa environment.
0	A narrow toilet stall with toilet, handicap rails and a bare light bulb.
0	a narrow room with a toilet with some rails on the walls beside it
1	a dirty toilet stall with toilet, handicap rails and a bare light bulb.
1	a dirty room with a toilet with some rails on the walls beside it
0	A modern bathroom with a large bathtub and walk in shower.
0	Modern looking bathroom featuring a bathtub, shower, sink and toilet
0	a modern day bathroom set up with wooden sink
1	a ancient bathroom with a large bathtub and walk in shower.
1	ancient looking bathroom featuring a bathtub, shower, sink and toilet
1	a ancient day bathroom set up with wooden sink
0	A young man riding a bike on top of a beach.
1	a happy man riding a bike on top of a beach.
0	A bathroom with a modern white pedestal sink
1	a bathroom with a ancient white pedestal sink
0	A modern, white tiled bathroom with a skylight.
0	A very white, modern bathroom looks cold and unwelcoming.
1	a ancient, white tiled bathroom with a skylight.
1	a very white, ancient bathroom looks cold and unwelcoming.
0	A roll down door on a building with a painted sign about cell phones.
1	a roll down door on a building with a unpainted sign about cell phones.
0	A beautiful bathroom with wooden cabinets and a large oval shaped mirror.
1	a ugly bathroom with wooden cabinets and a large oval shaped mirror.
0	two ladies in a bathroom brushing their teeth one lady holds a digital camera.
0	A person holds a digital camera in front of a seated woman brushing her teeth, while another woman also brushes in the background.
1	two ladies in a bathroom brushing their teeth one lady holds a analog camera.
1	a person holds a analog camera in front of a seated woman brushing her teeth, while another woman also brushes in the background.
0	A bathroom with a long counter and rugs on the floor.
0	Leafy bath mats are on the floor in the bathroom.
1	a bathroom with a short counter and rugs on the floor.
1	leafless bath mats are on the floor in the bathroom.
0	A young man is skateboarding on a low wall.
1	a happy man is skateboarding on a low wall.
0	a very small bathroom with a dirty toilet and scrub brush near by
0	The cramped bathroom includes a dirty toilet with no seat.
0	A toilet in a narrow room with a toilet brush next to it.
0	Dirty toilet stall and toilet standing with the door open.
1	a very small bathroom with a cheap toilet and scrub brush near by
1	the cramped bathroom includes a cheap toilet with no seat.
1	a toilet in a broad room with a toilet brush next to it.
1	cheap toilet stall and toilet standing with the door open.
0	A beautiful dessert waiting to be shared by two people
1	a ugly dessert waiting to be shared by two people
0	A couple of toilets in two different rooms.
1	a couple of toilets in two like rooms.
0	A very dirty and dark room with a toilet .
1	a very cheap and dark room with a toilet.
0	Scooters parked in aisle at large outdoor market under shelter.
1	scooters parked in aisle at large indoor market under shelter.
0	A young cat with a beautiful coat standing alone.
1	a happy cat with a beautiful coat standing alone.
0	a dark living room with some light from the long windows and lights on the mantle
1	a dark living room with some light from the short windows and lights on the mantle
0	The huge blue and white jumbo jet is parked at the airport.
1	the tiny blue and white jumbo jet is parked at the airport.
0	A young girl holding a backpack while walking across a field.
0	a tiny toddler carries a giant bookbag and bag
0	A young child is holding some things and walking.
1	a happy girl holding a backpack while walking across a field.
1	a huge toddler carries a giant bookbag and bag
1	a happy child is holding some things and walking.
0	A yellow school bus from North Carolina on a road.
1	a yellow school bus from south carolina on a road.
0	A herd of wooly sheep graze on short grass.
1	a herd of wooly sheep graze on long grass.
0	A bus sits beside a building on a narrow road.
1	a bus sits beside a building on a dirty road.
0	Sign pointing to red fire hydrant in a rural area
1	sign pointing to red fire hydrant in a urban area
0	a young female siting on a bench near a small stagnant lake
1	a happy female siting on a bench near a small stagnant lake
0	A young lady sitting on top of a wooden bench.
0	A young woman is sitting on a bench with her legs crossed.
0	Young, smiling woman in casual dress sits on a bench.
0	A young woman sitting on an outdoor bench.
1	a happy lady sitting on top of a wooden bench.
1	a happy woman is sitting on a bench with her legs crossed.
1	happy, smiling woman in casual dress sits on a bench.
1	a happy woman sitting on an outdoor bench.
0	A traffic light in front of a huge mountain.
1	a traffic light in front of a tiny mountain.
0	A series of different bridges over a large body of water.
1	a series of like bridges over a large body of water.
0	A man holding a smart phone while standing next to a pink light pole.
1	a man holding a dumb phone while standing next to a pink light pole.
0	A big long metal fence near some buildings.
1	a big short metal fence near some buildings.
0	A group of different road signs, one of which is a one way only sign.
1	a group of like road signs, one of which is a one way only sign.
0	A view of a downtown area, looks very rural.
1	a view of a downtown area, looks very urban.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A toy train runs along an outdoor track.
1	a toy train runs along an indoor track.
0	A truck dumping soil in a rural area.
1	a truck dumping soil in a urban area.
0	Digital painting of a tabby cat and large dog touching noses.
1	analog painting of a tabby cat and large dog touching noses.
0	a truck on a narrow city street with buildings in the background
1	a truck on a dirty city street with buildings in the background
0	a funny cat in front of a tv monitor
1	a dull cat in front of a tv monitor
0	The half asleep cat is lying next to a remote control.
1	the half awake cat is lying next to a remote control.
0	A large brown bull with long horns standing on a grass covered field..
0	a long hair long horn cow in a pasture
1	a large brown bull with short horns standing on a grass covered field..
1	a short hair long horn cow in a pasture
0	a small boat in a narrow body of water
1	a small boat in a dirty body of water
0	many small boats in a narrow body of water
1	many small boats in a dirty body of water
0	Outdoor art display of elephant sculptures of various colorings.
1	indoor art display of elephant sculptures of various colorings.
0	A tropical marina with many boating vessels and dirty water.
1	a tropical marina with many boating vessels and cheap water.
0	A young bald man dressed sharply smiles happily
0	Man with green tie with white polka dots stands at outdoor event.
1	a happy bald man dressed sharply smiles happily
1	man with green tie with white polka dots stands at indoor event.
1	a young bald man dressed sharply smiles sadly
0	A young woman with dyed hair and sunglasses is holding an umbrella.
1	a happy woman with dyed hair and sunglasses is holding an umbrella.
0	A old looking ship sailing in water by a modern city.
1	a old looking ship sailing in water by a ancient city.
0	An outdoor setting is lined with tables and chairs.
0	An outdoor view of a dilapidated european restaurant
1	an indoor setting is lined with tables and chairs.
1	an indoor view of a dilapidated european restaurant
0	The man is wearing his blue shirt with his long necktie loosened
1	the man is wearing his blue shirt with his short necktie loosened
0	Tiny baby elephant framed by adults on a dusty walk.
1	huge baby elephant framed by adults on a dusty walk.
0	Several different colors of oriental kites and other decorations being viewed by a crowd.
0	An outdoor event with a lot if art on dislpay
1	several like colors of oriental kites and other decorations being viewed by a crowd.
1	an indoor event with a lot if art on dislpay
0	A stack of many different types of suitcases.
1	a stack of many like types of suitcases.
0	Different candies and treats line the interior of a suitcase.
1	like candies and treats line the interior of a suitcase.
0	A narrow city street with pedestrians and cars looking towards a domed building.
1	a dirty city street with pedestrians and cars looking towards a domed building.
0	A man and a young boy pull luggage next to each other.
0	A young boy walking and pulling his luggage behind him.
0	a young boy dragging a suitcase while walking down the street
1	a man and a happy boy pull luggage next to each other.
1	a happy boy walking and pulling his luggage behind him.
1	a happy boy dragging a suitcase while walking down the street
0	A figurine of a young Victorian lady holding a parasol.
1	a figurine of a happy victorian lady holding a parasol.
0	Two young girls are under a white umbrella.
0	Two young women standing under an umbrella next to a stairway.
1	two happy girls are under a white umbrella.
1	two happy women standing under an umbrella next to a stairway.
0	Three gummy bears standing on different letters on a keyboard.
1	three gummy bears standing on like letters on a keyboard.
0	Two young boys looking at a bear behind a glass enclosure.
0	Two young boys walking past a bear exhibit at a zoo.
1	two happy boys looking at a bear behind a glass enclosure.
1	two happy boys walking past a bear exhibit at a zoo.
0	A sad-looking woman holding up a frisbee near outdoor tables.
0	A young woman wearing red and blue holding a white and yellow Frisbee.
1	a sad-looking woman holding up a frisbee near indoor tables.
1	a happy woman wearing red and blue holding a white and yellow frisbee.
0	A young zebra is between two larger zebras.
0	Young striped zebra looks out among it's herd
1	a happy zebra is between two larger zebras.
1	happy striped zebra looks out among it's herd
0	A brown dog with long curly hair wearing a name tag.
1	a brown dog with short curly hair wearing a name tag.
0	Woman playing with flying disc at outdoor event.
1	woman playing with flying disc at indoor event.
0	Two different kinds of animals in a pen at a zoo..
1	two like kinds of animals in a pen at a zoo..
0	The young woman is making a face at the horse.
1	the happy woman is making a face at the horse.
0	A painted scene of a horse and wagon with buildings and trees in the background.
1	a unpainted scene of a horse and wagon with buildings and trees in the background.
0	A woman wearing a long flowing green dress walking past a joust fight.
1	a woman wearing a short flowing green dress walking past a joust fight.
0	A young rider sits atop a large horse.
0	A young girl sits on a horse wearing jockey clothes.
1	a happy rider sits atop a large horse.
1	a happy girl sits on a horse wearing jockey clothes.
0	An outdoor baseball game with a runner being tagged at base.
1	an indoor baseball game with a runner being tagged at base.
0	A basket filled with different types of fruit.
1	a basket filled with like types of fruit.
0	The young boy is playing ball in the park.
1	the happy boy is playing ball in the park.
0	A photo of different vegetables including carrots and broccoli.
1	a photo of like vegetables including carrots and broccoli.
0	Many different vegetables are arranged next to each other.
1	many like vegetables are arranged next to each other.
0	Several different vegetables laid out on a pallet.
0	A bunch pf different vegetables is on a crate next to a CSA pamphlet.
0	some different vegetables laid out on a wooden pallet
1	several like vegetables laid out on a pallet.
1	a bunch pf like vegetables is on a crate next to a csa pamphlet.
1	some like vegetables laid out on a wooden pallet
0	two people posing for a photo with young people in the background wearing skis
1	two people posing for a photo with happy people in the background wearing skis
0	A young person riding skis next to an adult.
1	a happy person riding skis next to an adult.
0	Different foods are being cooked in a wok.
1	like foods are being cooked in a wok.
0	Young man in the air while skateboarding in a city.
1	happy man in the air while skateboarding in a city.
0	The young man is riding his skate board.
0	A young man on a skateboard follows a sidewalk crack.
0	A man riding a skateboard in front of a group of young men.
1	the happy man is riding his skate board.
1	a happy man on a skateboard follows a sidewalk crack.
1	a man riding a skateboard in front of a group of happy men.
0	A young man jumping a ramp on a skateboard.
1	a happy man jumping a ramp on a skateboard.
0	A young boy skateboarding down a ramp at a skate park.
1	a happy boy skateboarding down a ramp at a skate park.
0	A young girls attempting a skateboard trick on a bowl
1	a happy girls attempting a skateboard trick on a bowl
0	A young man wearing a red shirt riding a black skateboard.
1	a happy man wearing a red shirt riding a black skateboard.
0	A young boy riding his skateboard on top of a metal box.
0	A young skate board rider on top of a metal box
1	a happy boy riding his skateboard on top of a metal box.
1	a happy skate board rider on top of a metal box
0	A picture of different types of herbs and vegetables available from the CSA.
1	a picture of like types of herbs and vegetables available from the csa.
0	A young man riding a skateboard on the side of a wall.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard on the side of a wall.
0	Young boy on a skate board sliding down a grind bar.
0	Young skateboarder riding the rail at a park.
1	happy boy on a skate board sliding down a grind bar.
1	happy skateboarder riding the rail at a park.
0	A woman holds a young girl who stands on a skateboard inside a house.
1	a woman holds a happy girl who stands on a skateboard inside a house.
0	Woman holding young girls standing on small skateboard.
1	woman holding happy girls standing on small skateboard.
0	A young boy riding a skateboard in front of a driveway to a garage.
0	A young man is doing a trick on a skateboard railing.
0	A young man on his skateboard next to a rail.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard in front of a driveway to a garage.
1	a happy man is doing a trick on a skateboard railing.
1	a happy man on his skateboard next to a rail.
0	a close up of a young person holding a skate board
1	a close up of a happy person holding a skate board
0	A young person jumping their snow board in the air as they ski down a mountain.
1	a happy person jumping their snow board in the air as they ski down a mountain.
0	A snowboarder lies on his back on some hard packed snow.
1	a snowboarder lies on his back on some simple packed snow.
0	A young person eating pizza and the other eating a burger and fries.
1	a happy person eating pizza and the other eating a burger and fries.
0	A young boy kneeling down on a snowboard on a snow covered field.
0	a young boy sitting in the snow next to his snowboard
0	A young child kneeling in the snow while snowboarding.
1	a happy boy kneeling down on a snowboard on a snow covered field.
1	a happy boy sitting in the snow next to his snowboard
1	a happy child kneeling in the snow while snowboarding.
0	A box that has different kinds of donuts.
0	different sized and shaped donuts sitting in a box
1	a box that has like kinds of donuts.
1	like sized and shaped donuts sitting in a box
0	A surfer is riding a wave on a narrow waterway.
1	a surfer is riding a wave on a dirty waterway.
0	A young man is in the water with a surfboard.
0	A young male laying on top of surf board.
0	A young man riding on top of a wave on a surfboard.
1	a happy man is in the water with a surfboard.
1	a happy male laying on top of surf board.
1	a happy man riding on top of a wave on a surfboard.
0	A young boy is swimming through the water.
1	a happy boy is swimming through the water.
0	A young child that is using a wake board in the water.
0	A young boy riding a surfboard on top of a wave.
1	a happy child that is using a wake board in the water.
1	a happy boy riding a surfboard on top of a wave.
0	A young male surfer on a white board fighting the waves.
1	a happy male surfer on a white board fighting the waves.
0	A man holding his long surfboard is standing up with it.
0	A man walking on a hard area, carrying a surfboard.
1	a man holding his short surfboard is standing up with it.
1	a man walking on a simple area, carrying a surfboard.
0	A beautiful woman stands on a surfboard with friends.
1	a ugly woman stands on a surfboard with friends.
0	A young man with a paddle on an orange surfboard
1	a happy man with a paddle on an orange surfboard
0	The young man is on the beach holding his surfboard.
1	the happy man is on the beach holding his surfboard.
0	Young soccer players on field with adult onlookers.
1	happy soccer players on field with adult onlookers.
0	A Chinese restaurant with a bunch of different plants near it.
1	a chinese restaurant with a bunch of like plants near it.
0	A pretty young lady kneeling down on top of a surfboard.
1	a pretty happy lady kneeling down on top of a surfboard.
0	A beautiful bride standing next to a her husband as they cut their cake.
1	a ugly bride standing next to a her husband as they cut their cake.
0	A young woman sitting at a table with food, a cell phone and papers.
1	a happy woman sitting at a table with food, a cell phone and papers.
0	A man sitting in a chair holding a bottle with a tiny kitten on his lap.
1	a man sitting in a chair holding a bottle with a huge kitten on his lap.
0	A young man in a colorful swim suit and yellow shirt is riding a wave on a surf board.
1	a happy man in a colorful swim suit and yellow shirt is riding a wave on a surf board.
0	A couple of young men surf and swim by the pier.
1	a couple of happy men surf and swim by the pier.
0	A young man riding a white surfboard on top of a wave.
1	a happy man riding a white surfboard on top of a wave.
0	Bunk bed with a narrow shelf sitting underneath it.
1	bunk bed with a dirty shelf sitting underneath it.
0	A young man is standing in the surf on a surfboard.
1	a happy man is standing in the surf on a surfboard.
0	A young man with his board in hand, is observing the waves.
1	a happy man with his board in hand, is observing the waves.
0	A modern crisp motel room displays overhead eclectic art.
1	a ancient crisp motel room displays overhead eclectic art.
0	Young man in swim trunks carrying a green surfboard.
0	A young man with a lime green surf on a beach.
1	happy man in swim trunks carrying a green surfboard.
1	a happy man with a lime green surf on a beach.
0	a five layer cake made from different shapes
1	a five layer cake made from like shapes
0	The bed and desk in a modern hotel room
0	Large made up bed in modern bedroom, with small desk.
1	the bed and desk in a ancient hotel room
1	large made up bed in ancient bedroom, with small desk.
0	A modern room has a large bed and two pink chairs.
1	a ancient room has a large bed and two pink chairs.
0	Bed with yellow blanket against a wall with hard wood floor.
1	bed with yellow blanket against a wall with simple wood floor.
0	a bunch of different pizza in a window of a pizza place
1	a bunch of like pizza in a window of a pizza place
0	A young man ridding a small wave on a surfboard.
1	a happy man ridding a small wave on a surfboard.
0	The young children are gathered in a room together.
1	the happy children are gathered in a room together.
0	this room has a very large bed and two different wallpapers
1	this room has a very large bed and two like wallpapers
0	A man is posing with two young boys holding rackets.
1	a man is posing with two happy boys holding rackets.
0	A display of a very long food is seen layer across a counter
0	The entree on the long plate is in the middle of the wooden table.
1	a display of a very short food is seen layer across a counter
1	the entree on the short plate is in the middle of the wooden table.
0	A built in desk with two mid-century modern chairs.
0	Two blue tear drop chairs sit at a long shelf.
0	The modern looking chairs and pictures are in the room.
1	a built in desk with two mid-century ancient chairs.
1	two blue tear drop chairs sit at a short shelf.
1	the ancient looking chairs and pictures are in the room.
0	I young boy eating a large piece of pizza.
0	A young boy sinking his teeth into a piece of pizza
1	i happy boy eating a large piece of pizza.
1	a happy boy sinking his teeth into a piece of pizza
0	Two young men are playing a video game.
1	two happy men are playing a video game.
0	A young girl plays with a teddy bear and puts a brush in her mouth.
1	a happy girl plays with a teddy bear and puts a brush in her mouth.
0	Brightly colored living room with different colored couches and walls.
1	brightly colored living room with like colored couches and walls.
0	A very modern living room with a black couch plus using accent colors in the shades of purple.
0	A living room filled with various modern decor.
1	a very ancient living room with a black couch plus using accent colors in the shades of purple.
1	a living room filled with various ancient decor.
0	A wide irregularly shaped room, with many built in niches and doorways, revealing portions of a bedroom and eating area, has pale pink walls, a ceiling fan, wood floors, glass doors with curtains, a long sectional sofa and  bric-a-brac.
0	a beautiful white room with brown titles  well decorated.
1	a wide irregularly shaped room, with many built in niches and doorways, revealing portions of a bedroom and eating area, has pale pink walls, a ceiling fan, wood floors, glass doors with curtains, a short sectional sofa and bric-a-brac.
1	a ugly white room with brown titles well decorated.
0	A living room with a large colorful rug and 3 different couches.
1	a living room with a large colorful rug and 3 like couches.
0	A young woman playing Wii in a home office.
1	a happy woman playing wii in a home office.
0	A group of young men standing around playing games on the Nintendo Wii.
1	a group of happy men standing around playing games on the nintendo wii.
0	A young woman sitting cross legged on an apartment sofa.
1	a happy woman sitting cross legged on an apartment sofa.
0	A young woman dressed in blue and white playing a video game.
0	A young lady is controlling something with a remote control.
1	a happy woman dressed in blue and white playing a video game.
1	a happy lady is controlling something with a remote control.
0	A monitor with an ipod, keyboard, mouse, camera, speakers and hard drive tower.
1	a monitor with an ipod, keyboard, mouse, camera, speakers and simple drive tower.
0	A lap top computer on a simple desk.
1	a lap top computer on a hard desk.
0	A young girl is holding a kite by the lake.
1	a happy girl is holding a kite by the lake.
0	A man and a young boy are flying a kite
1	a man and a happy boy are flying a kite
0	a woman and young child pose on steps with  teddy bear statue
1	a woman and happy child pose on steps with teddy bear statue
0	A young black child holding a baseball bat.
0	A smiling young boy holding a baseball bat.
0	A young black boy swinging a baseball bat.
1	a happy black child holding a baseball bat.
1	a smiling happy boy holding a baseball bat.
1	a happy black boy swinging a baseball bat.
0	A young boy poses in his babseball uniform holding his bat on a field.
0	A young boy in a baseball uniform holding a bat over his shoulder.
1	a happy boy poses in his babseball uniform holding his bat on a field.
1	a happy boy in a baseball uniform holding a bat over his shoulder.
0	a smorgasbord filled with different kinds of pizzas
1	a smorgasbord filled with like kinds of pizzas
0	A young girl in her Tennis gear is holding the ball.
1	a happy girl in her tennis gear is holding the ball.
0	A young girl in pink eating a cookie.
0	A young girl in a pink shirt holding a cookie.
0	Young girl in pink eating some sort of food.
1	a happy girl in pink eating a cookie.
1	a happy girl in a pink shirt holding a cookie.
1	happy girl in pink eating some sort of food.
0	Two young men playing a game of tennis.
1	two happy men playing a game of tennis.
0	Different style vases sitting on a window sill  next to a planter
1	like style vases sitting on a window sill next to a planter
0	A young businessman with long hair is on a laptop screen on a table next to a cup of coffee and a pair of ladies eyeglasses.
1	a happy businessman with long hair is on a laptop screen on a table next to a cup of coffee and a pair of ladies eyeglasses.
0	A digital toaster oven sitting between a toaster and dish rack on a counter.
1	a analog toaster oven sitting between a toaster and dish rack on a counter.
0	Black and white photograph of a young man on cell phone.
0	A young man sitting on a bench talking on his phone.
0	A young man sitting on a bench using a cell phone.
1	black and white photograph of a happy man on cell phone.
1	a happy man sitting on a bench talking on his phone.
1	a happy man sitting on a bench using a cell phone.
0	a person holds on to a smart cell phone
1	a person holds on to a dumb cell phone
0	A couple of young women sitting on the ground next to each other.
1	a couple of happy women sitting on the ground next to each other.
0	Oriental women in costumes with onlookers nearby in outdoor walkway.
1	oriental women in costumes with onlookers nearby in indoor walkway.
0	The young woman is leaning on a refrigerator on the sidewalk.
0	A young lady leaning up against a white refrigerator freezer.
1	the happy woman is leaning on a refrigerator on the sidewalk.
1	a happy lady leaning up against a white refrigerator freezer.
0	There is a modern sculpture topped with a clock
1	there is a ancient sculpture topped with a clock
0	A young boy in plaid brushing a little girl's hair .
0	A young boy brushing a little girls hair.
1	a happy boy in plaid brushing a little girl's hair.
1	a happy boy brushing a little girls hair.
0	The young boy is playing in the living room of his house.
0	A young boy stands in the living room playing with a brush
1	the happy boy is playing in the living room of his house.
1	a happy boy stands in the living room playing with a brush
0	The clock has beautiful gold detials on the face.
1	the clock has ugly gold detials on the face.
0	A plate of unusual food combinations including an egg on mashed potatoes mango and a chocolate on a plate.
1	a plate of usual food combinations including an egg on mashed potatoes mango and a chocolate on a plate.
0	Flower pot with beautiful artificial flowers in a row.
1	flower pot with ugly artificial flowers in a row.
0	Woman making funny face while holding giant pair of scissors to her neck.
1	woman making dull face while holding giant pair of scissors to her neck.
0	a tiny baby sitting between two teddy bears
1	a huge baby sitting between two teddy bears
0	A young child placing teddy in a wagon
1	a happy child placing teddy in a wagon
0	A young girl sitting in front of plates and bowls of food.
1	a happy girl sitting in front of plates and bowls of food.
0	Group of people standing at a dinner table with different color plates.
0	Several people cutting up various fruits at an outdoor event.
1	group of people standing at a dinner table with like color plates.
1	several people cutting up various fruits at an indoor event.
0	Pans filled with different types of food on a stove top.
0	There are a collage of pictures of different foods
1	pans filled with like types of food on a stove top.
1	there are a collage of pictures of like foods
0	a close up of different plates of food on a table
1	a close up of like plates of food on a table
0	Gathering of people dishing out food set on a long table with checkered tablecloth.
0	People are lined up along a long picnic table.
0	a long table with many containers of food on it and many people around it
1	gathering of people dishing out food set on a short table with checkered tablecloth.
1	people are lined up along a short picnic table.
1	a short table with many containers of food on it and many people around it
0	Young women sitting against a stone wall with an umbrella.
1	happy women sitting against a stone wall with an umbrella.
0	The motorcycle riders all have unusual passenger along.
1	the motorcycle riders all have usual passenger along.
0	A young man sitting on the windowsill of a store front talking on his phone.
1	a happy man sitting on the windowsill of a store front talking on his phone.
0	A picture of someones modern black and red kitchen.
1	a picture of someones ancient black and red kitchen.
0	Modern kitchenette with stainless steel appliances and black cabinets.
1	ancient kitchenette with stainless steel appliances and black cabinets.
0	Kitchen with unpainted wood ceiling beams and wood-topped counters.
1	kitchen with painted wood ceiling beams and wood-topped counters.
0	A young boy cuts into a cake shaped like a skateboard.
0	A young boy cutting a skate board shaped cake.
0	A young boy cuts a cake designed to look like a skateboard.
1	a happy boy cuts into a cake shaped like a skateboard.
1	a happy boy cutting a skate board shaped cake.
1	a happy boy cuts a cake designed to look like a skateboard.
0	This is a kitchen in a modern house.
1	this is a kitchen in a ancient house.
0	Young woman opening her refrigerator door in the evening.
1	happy woman opening her refrigerator door in the evening.
0	Wood finished traditional kitchen with modern refrigerator but classic stove.
1	wood finished traditional kitchen with ancient refrigerator but classic stove.
0	Kitchen scene, grey counter top on one side, whitish on the other and black sink with long neck faucet.
1	kitchen scene, grey counter top on one side, whitish on the other and black sink with short neck faucet.
0	A bathroom that has square sinks and a long mirror.
0	a bathroom with sinks on a long counter and a long mirror
1	a bathroom that has square sinks and a short mirror.
1	a bathroom with sinks on a short counter and a long mirror
0	Adult man standing with bicycle at outdoor event.
1	adult man standing with bicycle at indoor event.
0	A long marble sink in a public restroom
1	a short marble sink in a public restroom
0	The woman with short hair is drying and styling her hair.
1	the woman with long hair is drying and styling her hair.
0	a small bathroom photo with a tiny window
1	a small bathroom photo with a huge window
0	A dirty bathroom with paper and dirt covering the floor.
0	a photo of a dirty bathroom with a toilet and a stool
1	a cheap bathroom with paper and dirt covering the floor.
1	a photo of a cheap bathroom with a toilet and a stool
0	A narrow view of a very nice modern bath room.
1	a dirty view of a very nice modern bath room.
0	A bathroom stall with a toilet decorated with an outdoor mountain lake theme.
0	a toilet with an unusual green seat and back
1	a bathroom stall with a toilet decorated with an indoor mountain lake theme.
1	a toilet with an usual green seat and back
0	a kite with a long tail some people and a black truck
1	a kite with a short tail some people and a black truck
0	A beautiful yellow rose is seen in a small vase.
1	a ugly yellow rose is seen in a small vase.
0	A young man is dressed in a school skirt outfit.
0	A young man that is wearing a nice suite coat with a skirt and a purse.
1	a happy man is dressed in a school skirt outfit.
1	a happy man that is wearing a nice suite coat with a skirt and a purse.
0	Several different white planes all lined up in a row.
0	A long line of airplanes riding down a runway.
1	several like white planes all lined up in a row.
1	a narrow line of airplanes riding down a runway.
0	Three young men in decorated uniforms sit on a bench together.
0	Three young men sitting on a bench wearing dress formals.
1	three happy men in decorated uniforms sit on a bench together.
1	three happy men sitting on a bench wearing dress formals.
0	Park bench next to pathway with young children walking nearby.
1	park bench next to pathway with happy children walking nearby.
0	A young lady feeding a small giraffe by hand.
1	a happy lady feeding a small giraffe by hand.
0	A white bus on a narrow street in the woods.
1	a white bus on a dirty street in the woods.
0	A different color bus driving down the street
1	a like color bus driving down the street
0	A giraffe stretching its next long to reach a branch.
1	a giraffe stretching its next short to reach a branch.
0	Two giraffes going in different directions on a rocky terrain.
1	two giraffes going in like directions on a rocky terrain.
0	Several sheep herding towards an outdoor pen on a county side.
1	several sheep herding towards an indoor pen on a county side.
0	A tiny red bird perched on a car's mirror
1	a huge red bird perched on a car's mirror
0	Two different styles of buses parked side by side.
1	two like styles of buses parked side by side.
0	A young man standing next to a wall with a bird painted on it.
0	A boy watching a long legged bird in the water.
0	a young boy stands on the bank of a river looking a t large bird standing in the water
1	a happy man standing next to a wall with a bird painted on it.
1	a boy watching a short legged bird in the water.
1	a happy boy stands on the bank of a river looking a t large bird standing in the water
0	A couple of young men riding bikes down a street in front of a sign.
1	a couple of happy men riding bikes down a street in front of a sign.
0	Two blue signs are at a rural corner setting.
1	two blue signs are at a urban corner setting.
0	Several different street signs pointing in different directions on a pole.
1	several like street signs pointing in different directions on a pole.
0	A long bridge with a train going down it overlooking the water.
1	a short bridge with a train going down it overlooking the water.
0	A full view of a long train traveling on the railroad.
0	A long train car sitting next to a green train.
1	a full view of a short train traveling on the railroad.
1	a short train car sitting next to a green train.
0	A rural train station is loading and unloading passengers
1	a urban train station is loading and unloading passengers
0	A long yellow train traveling down train tracks.
0	A modern day train going down the track that runs alongside a road.
1	a short yellow train traveling down train tracks.
1	a ancient day train going down the track that runs alongside a road.
0	A long stretch of highway over a river.
1	a short stretch of highway over a river.
0	A painted white truck with a flower on it in the street.
1	a unpainted white truck with a flower on it in the street.
0	Young man on side of the road pointing at a truck.
1	happy man on side of the road pointing at a truck.
0	A young woman sleeping on a bed with a cat on the pillow next to her.
1	a happy woman sleeping on a bed with a cat on the pillow next to her.
0	A young boy sitting on top of a cow statue.
0	A young man sitting on top of a bull statue.
1	a happy boy sitting on top of a cow statue.
1	a happy man sitting on top of a bull statue.
0	a young man is playing with his pet cat
1	a happy man is playing with his pet cat
0	Black and white cows look in different directions in a field with bushes.
1	black and white cows look in like directions in a field with bushes.
0	A cat lying down with eyes closed and three different remote controls on it.
1	a cat lying down with eyes closed and three like remote controls on it.
0	A small young kitten is playing on a computer keyboard.
1	a small happy kitten is playing on a computer keyboard.
0	A young man wearing a white shirt and tie.
1	a happy man wearing a white shirt and tie.
0	A view of an outdoor market that is taking place.
1	a view of an indoor market that is taking place.
0	Three young men wearing ties stand outside in the daytime.
1	three happy men wearing ties stand outside in the daytime.
0	A man wearing a short skirt and a blue blazer.
1	a man wearing a long skirt and a blue blazer.
0	An uncut orange placed in a dark spot for effect
1	an trimmed orange placed in a dark spot for effect
0	A boy waves as he rides an elephant with a woman and young girl.
1	a boy waves as he rides an elephant with a woman and happy girl.
0	A young elephant is facing the bars of its zoo cage.
1	a happy elephant is facing the bars of its zoo cage.
0	A cute young woman pets the head of a baby elephant in a zoo.
0	An attractive long lady bending over to pet a baby elephant.
1	a cute happy woman pets the head of a baby elephant in a zoo.
1	an attractive short lady bending over to pet a baby elephant.
0	Asian lady attempts to feed a young elephant
1	asian lady attempts to feed a happy elephant
0	An adult elephant with a young elephant near it.
1	an adult elephant with a happy elephant near it.
0	A group of young people stand on a small boat in the water.
1	a group of happy people stand on a small boat in the water.
0	a beach crowded with people and many different colored umbrellas
1	a beach crowded with people and many like colored umbrellas
0	Two elephants standing in a pen in different spots.
1	two elephants standing in a pen in like spots.
0	Many different wooden tables outside with some umbrellas.
1	many like wooden tables outside with some umbrellas.
0	The huge elephant stands in his own environment.
1	the tiny elephant stands in his own environment.
0	A large elephant can be seen in an enclosure commonly seen at a zoo.
1	a large elephant can be seen in an enclosure unusually seen at a zoo.
0	A young Asian girl has an umbrella to protect her from the rain.
0	A pretty young lady carrying a white umbrella.
1	a happy asian girl has an umbrella to protect her from the rain.
1	a pretty happy lady carrying a white umbrella.
0	A young man kneeling down to luggage filled with sound equipment.
1	a happy man kneeling down to luggage filled with sound equipment.
0	Two young men playing a game of frisbee on a lush green field.
1	two happy men playing a game of frisbee on a lush green field.
0	Two different colored dogs standing on a brick walkway.
1	two like colored dogs standing on a brick walkway.
0	Three young men playing Frisbee on the sand
0	Three young men playing together on a dirt field with a rural scene in the background.
0	Three smiling young men chasing a yellow Frisbee.
1	three happy men playing frisbee on the sand
1	three happy men playing together on a dirt field with a rural scene in the background.
1	three smiling happy men chasing a yellow frisbee.
0	Two zebra standing on a rural road beneath a mountain.
1	two zebra standing on a urban road beneath a mountain.
0	A young girl in purple is trying to pet the horse.
1	a happy girl in purple is trying to pet the horse.
0	A person on a horse and carriage in an indoor arena.
1	a person on a horse and carriage in an outdoor arena.
0	Bananas, oranges, pears, and other fruit in front of a painted sign.
1	bananas, oranges, pears, and other fruit in front of a unpainted sign.
0	A blue and white plate displays two different grilled meats.
1	a blue and white plate displays two like grilled meats.
0	A bowl of mixed up different fruits together.
1	a bowl of mixed up like fruits together.
0	a young boy wearing a yankees hat and jacket and holding a baseball mitt
0	Young boy in Yankees hate and zipper jacket.
0	The two images are of a young child in a baseball hat and jacket.
1	a happy boy wearing a yankees hat and jacket and holding a baseball mitt
1	happy boy in yankees hate and zipper jacket.
1	the two images are of a happy child in a baseball hat and jacket.
0	A banana tree displays green bananas next to wide long leaves.
1	a banana tree displays green bananas next to wide short leaves.
0	A young man with long hair, wearing all black, doing stunts on a skateboard.
1	a happy man with long hair, wearing all black, doing stunts on a skateboard.
0	a  young skateboarder grinding on a thin railing
1	a happy skateboarder grinding on a thin railing
0	A group of young men holding skateboards in front of a building.
0	A young skateboarder is standing in front of two others.
1	a group of happy men holding skateboards in front of a building.
1	a happy skateboarder is standing in front of two others.
0	a huge selection of tomatoes, green apples and other fruits and veggies.
1	a tiny selection of tomatoes, green apples and other fruits and veggies.
0	A fruit and vegetable table is carefully lined with matching bowls of goods.
1	a fruit and vegetable table is carelessly lined with matching bowls of goods.
0	A young man skateboarding and wearing a helmet.
1	a happy man skateboarding and wearing a helmet.
0	A young girl on a skateboard watching others at a skate park
1	a happy girl on a skateboard watching others at a skate park
0	Skate boarder hang time with young man appearing to streak though the air.
0	A young skateboarder seems to be high in the air.
1	skate boarder hang time with happy man appearing to streak though the air.
1	a happy skateboarder seems to be high in the air.
0	A young man skateboarding near railing that overlooks the city skyline
1	a happy man skateboarding near railing that overlooks the city skyline
0	A man riding down a ski slope with a young boy.
0	A man and a young child on snow skis going down a hill.
1	a man riding down a ski slope with a happy boy.
1	a man and a happy child on snow skis going down a hill.
0	a young boy in blue is standing in the snow
0	a young boy wearing ski equipment in the snow.
1	a happy boy in blue is standing in the snow
1	a happy boy wearing ski equipment in the snow.
0	A young person riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.
0	A young man balances himself on his skate board as he rolls along in the skateboard park.
1	a happy person riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.
1	a happy man balances himself on his skate board as he rolls along in the skateboard park.
0	A young man stands on a skateboard on a sidewalk.
1	a happy man stands on a skateboard on a sidewalk.
0	A little boy walking down a street next to young men skateboarding on it.
0	Three young people go skateboarding down a street.
1	a little boy walking down a street next to happy men skateboarding on it.
1	three happy people go skateboarding down a street.
0	Group of skateboarders riding down a long road together.
1	group of skateboarders riding down a short road together.
0	A pile of different types of vegetables on a table.
0	A table with many different types of food.
1	a pile of like types of vegetables on a table.
1	a table with many like types of food.
0	A cup with several different toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste.
1	a cup with several like toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste.
0	The child is standing in the snow near another group of young skiers.
0	A young boy who is walking in the snow on skis.
0	A young boy, who is all bundled up, is snowboarding by himself
1	the child is standing in the snow near another group of happy skiers.
1	a happy boy who is walking in the snow on skis.
1	a happy boy, who is all bundled up, is snowboarding by himself
0	A young child riding skis across snow covered ground.
0	A young skier stands on skis in the winter snow.
1	a happy child riding skis across snow covered ground.
1	a happy skier stands on skis in the winter snow.
0	A young man riding a skate board on a park bench.
1	a happy man riding a skate board on a park bench.
0	A young person on skis on a ski slope
1	a happy person on skis on a ski slope
0	A young boy sitting at a table with uncooked pizza.
1	a happy boy sitting at a table with uncooked pizza.
0	A huge grilled hamburger sandwich with romaine lettuce,  tomato and gherkin pickles on the side.
1	a tiny grilled hamburger sandwich with romaine lettuce, tomato and gherkin pickles on the side.
0	A young boy is holding a couple of hotdogs
1	a happy boy is holding a couple of hotdogs
0	Young adults in food in serving line at indoor event.
1	happy adults in food in serving line at indoor event.
0	there are many different doughnuts in the box
1	there are many like doughnuts in the box
0	A young child riding on a surfboard in the water
1	a happy child riding on a surfboard in the water
0	A young man is surfing on top of a huge wave.
1	a happy man is surfing on top of a huge wave.
0	The young men are on the beach holding the surfboard.
1	the happy men are on the beach holding the surfboard.
0	A young woman is walking to the ocean with her surfboard.
1	a happy woman is walking to the ocean with her surfboard.
0	The young man surfer is riding a wave.
1	the happy man surfer is riding a wave.
0	The young person is carrying their surfboard into the water.
1	the happy person is carrying their surfboard into the water.
0	A young guy is surfing in the ocean.
1	a happy guy is surfing in the ocean.
0	There are two different types of cupcake on the plate.
1	there are two like types of cupcake on the plate.
0	A man carrying a short surfboard on the beach.
1	a man carrying a long surfboard on the beach.
0	a young woman sitting at  a table resting her elbow on the table
1	a happy woman sitting at a table resting her elbow on the table
0	A surfer wipes out on a huge wave.
1	a surfer wipes out on a tiny wave.
0	A young boy in a wetsuit surfing in the ocean
1	a happy boy in a wetsuit surfing in the ocean
0	A young man running along a beach next to the ocean.
1	a happy man running along a beach next to the ocean.
0	The young woman is riding the dolphin in the water.
1	the happy woman is riding the dolphin in the water.
0	A young lady sitting at a table covered in food.
0	A happy woman poses with dinner freshly served
1	a happy lady sitting at a table covered in food.
1	a angry woman poses with dinner freshly served
0	A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IS LAYING ON A BED COVERED WITH A WHITE SHEET
0	Young woman flirtatiously on bed wearing only a towel.
1	a ugly woman is laying on a bed covered with a white sheet
1	happy woman flirtatiously on bed wearing only a towel.
0	A lazy dog lies atop a bed in a simple hotel room.
1	a lazy dog lies atop a bed in a hard hotel room.
0	Several young girls holding tennis racquets next to a man.
1	several happy girls holding tennis racquets next to a man.
0	Pizza with different vegetables sitting on top of a wooden slab.
1	pizza with like vegetables sitting on top of a wooden slab.
0	A guy putting different toppings on a pizza.
1	a guy putting like toppings on a pizza.
0	a beautiful woman sitting on a plane holding a bag of food.
0	Happy woman sitting in an airplane with her snacks
1	a ugly woman sitting on a plane holding a bag of food.
1	angry woman sitting in an airplane with her snacks
0	Four different angles of a persons hand holding a small remote control in various positions.
0	HANDS SHOWING AN ELECTRONIC ITEM FROM DIFFERENT ANGLES
1	four like angles of a persons hand holding a small remote control in various positions.
1	hands showing an electronic item from like angles
0	The young child is playing a video game.
1	the happy child is playing a video game.
0	Young lady, wearing a black dress, brushing her teeth.
1	happy lady, wearing a black dress, brushing her teeth.
0	A modern living room with very unique furniture.
1	a ancient living room with very unique furniture.
0	Two young people standing in a living room holding game controllers.
0	A pair of smiling young people play a Wii game.
0	Two young people playing a game on a video game console.
1	two happy people standing in a living room holding game controllers.
1	a pair of smiling happy people play a wii game.
1	two happy people playing a game on a video game console.
0	Three young people are intently playing video games.
0	A group of young people standing and playing video games
1	three happy people are intently playing video games.
1	a group of happy people standing and playing video games
0	A man plays a video game while a young child walks by.
1	a man plays a video game while a happy child walks by.
0	A young person is playing with a video game controller.
1	a happy person is playing with a video game controller.
0	A modern living room space containing a couch, and several chairs.
1	a ancient living room space containing a couch, and several chairs.
0	a young person at a desk operating a computer
1	a happy person at a desk operating a computer
0	A woman falling asleep next to a man, who are both sitting down.
1	a woman falling awake next to a man, who are both sitting down.
0	A young man standing on a walkway while flying a kite.
1	a happy man standing on a walkway while flying a kite.
0	A young boy wearing a yellow shirt holding a bat.
0	A young boy poses with a baseball bat in a field.
1	a happy boy wearing a yellow shirt holding a bat.
1	a happy boy poses with a baseball bat in a field.
0	A pizza with different  toppings mushrooms, peppers, onions peperoni.
1	a pizza with like toppings mushrooms, peppers, onions peperoni.
0	A man playing tennis on a bright and beautiful day.
1	a man playing tennis on a bright and ugly day.
0	A young lad swings his Wilson tennis racquet.
0	A young man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
0	A young boy in a red shirt playing tennis.
1	a happy lad swings his wilson tennis racquet.
1	a happy man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
1	a happy boy in a red shirt playing tennis.
0	A refrigerator filled with different types of alcohol.
1	a refrigerator filled with like types of alcohol.
0	A young person leisurely working on a computer in the living room.
1	a happy person leisurely working on a computer in the living room.
0	A wood fire oven with a long metal spatula hanging on the wall next to it.
1	a wood fire oven with a short metal spatula hanging on the wall next to it.
0	A young man wearing an event bracelet, checking his cell phone.
1	a happy man wearing an event bracelet, checking his cell phone.
0	Two young women having a glass of beer in a restaurant.
1	two happy women having a glass of beer in a restaurant.
0	A young man laying on a pallet while another person operates a laptop.
1	a happy man laying on a pallet while another person operates a laptop.
0	Dinner table set with different fruits, pies, and breads.
1	dinner table set with like fruits, pies, and breads.
0	A young kid playing on a cellphone on a sandy beach.
0	A photo of a young person playing with a cell phone.
1	a happy kid playing on a cellphone on a sandy beach.
1	a photo of a happy person playing with a cell phone.
0	An old woman holding a smart phone while wearing a green jacket.
1	an old woman holding a dumb phone while wearing a green jacket.
0	A pile of smart phones sitting on top of a chair.
0	Several different cell phones are laying on the sofa,
1	a pile of dumb phones sitting on top of a chair.
1	several like cell phones are laying on the sofa,
0	A young woman and a man having a chat about a camera.
1	a happy woman and a man having a chat about a camera.
0	A man holding a smart phone in his right hand.
1	a man holding a dumb phone in his right hand.
0	Young boy sitting at table with adults checking his phone.
1	happy boy sitting at table with adults checking his phone.
0	A person holding a smart phone in the palm of their hand.
1	a person holding a dumb phone in the palm of their hand.
0	a large case is full of different colored bottles
0	A display fridge full of different kinds of alcoholic beverages.
1	a large case is full of like colored bottles
1	a display fridge full of like kinds of alcoholic beverages.
0	A glass front refrigerator stocked with several different bottles.
1	a glass front refrigerator stocked with several like bottles.
0	A digital clock and an old clock tower near each other in a city
1	a analog clock and an old clock tower near each other in a city
0	Three clocks are displaying times from different time zones.
0	3 different signs and 3 different clocks on the wall
0	three different black and white clocks signs and a building
1	three clocks are displaying times from like time zones.
1	3 like signs and 3 different clocks on the wall
1	three like black and white clocks signs and a building
0	The huge clock stands out in the dark city night.
1	the tiny clock stands out in the dark city night.
0	a clear vase with different flowers on a table
1	a clear vase with like flowers on a table
0	A plate of different types of food together.
1	a plate of like types of food together.
0	A picture of an outdoor area that seems great.
0	A black and white photo of clocks and beautiful lights.
1	a picture of an indoor area that seems great.
1	a black and white photo of clocks and ugly lights.
0	black and white picture of outdoor four faced clock lit up for the night
1	black and white picture of indoor four faced clock lit up for the night
0	Three wall clocks showing different time and a lady
0	Four photographs of a clock at different times and woman.
1	three wall clocks showing like time and a lady
1	four photographs of a clock at like times and woman.
0	A simple flower arrangement of orange flowers in a glass vase.
1	a hard flower arrangement of orange flowers in a glass vase.
0	there are many long stem roses in this picture
1	there are many short stem roses in this picture
0	White long stem daisies in a tall blue vase
1	white short stem daisies in a tall blue vase
0	A barber shop with a young child getting a haircut.
1	a barber shop with a happy child getting a haircut.
0	A woman with two young children at a table
1	a woman with two happy children at a table
0	a doll with long black hair holding a bear sitting next to a bear
1	a doll with short black hair holding a bear sitting next to a bear
0	A young woman is hugging a weird teddy bear.
0	A young woman smiles with her stuffed teddy bear.
1	a happy woman is hugging a weird teddy bear.
1	a happy woman smiles with her stuffed teddy bear.
0	Multiple plates of different types of food on a  table.
1	multiple plates of like types of food on a table.
0	The photographer is so happy he is enjoying a drink.
1	the photographer is so angry he is enjoying a drink.
0	A man in a blue shirt sits on a bench with a blonde woman who has her head on his shoulder.
1	a man in a blue shirt sits on a bench with a brunette woman who has her head on his shoulder.
0	A young woman looking down at a cellphone.
1	a happy woman looking down at a cellphone.
0	A young man riding through the air on top of a skateboard.
0	A young male child jumping over a ramp on a skateboard.
1	a happy man riding through the air on top of a skateboard.
1	a happy male child jumping over a ramp on a skateboard.
0	A woman orders food from an outdoor vendor.
1	a woman orders food from an indoor vendor.
0	Elephants are in a long line with people on top of them.
1	elephants are in a short line with people on top of them.
0	A woman riding a bike while wearing really short shorts.
1	a woman riding a bike while wearing really long shorts.
0	A young man riding his bike and talking on the phone.
1	a happy man riding his bike and talking on the phone.
0	A dirty McDonalds bathroom with a squat toilet.
1	a cheap mcdonalds bathroom with a squat toilet.
0	A modern and clean bathroom with a big sink.
1	a ancient and clean bathroom with a big sink.
0	a bathroom with a long counter that has cleaning products on it
1	a bathroom with a short counter that has cleaning products on it
0	A long line of urinals in a public bathroom
1	a short line of urinals in a public bathroom
0	a cat sits on top of a old dirty truck
1	a cat sits on top of a old cheap truck
0	they young man is sitting in his car with his pet dog and studying from a textbook.
1	they happy man is sitting in his car with his pet dog and studying from a textbook.
0	There is a toilet inside a narrow stall.
1	there is a toilet inside a dirty stall.
0	A narrow city street is filled with people and motorbikes.
1	a dirty city street is filled with people and motorbikes.
0	a toilet down a long narrow hallway being painted
1	a toilet down a short narrow hallway being painted
0	A dirty bathroom with a sink and toilet.
0	a small dirty bathroom with a simple sink
1	a cheap bathroom with a sink and toilet.
1	a small dirty bathroom with a difficult sink
0	This is an outdoor restroom that is handicap accessible.
1	this is an indoor restroom that is handicap accessible.
0	A body of water with different kinds of boats on it.
1	a body of water with like kinds of boats on it.
0	A red painted wall is against a television.
1	a red unpainted wall is against a television.
0	A young pup is eating food under a bench.
1	a happy pup is eating food under a bench.
0	A group of young kids petting a couple of giraffe.
0	People are amazed at the giraffe's long black tongue.
1	a group of happy kids petting a couple of giraffe.
1	people are amazed at the giraffe's short black tongue.
0	A black and white shot show blinds that do not cover a pair of  facility-style windows , and right inside them, a horizontal rail, a pair of women, not facing outside, and a pair of small boys that are touching the rail and looking out.
1	a black and white shot show blinds that do not cover a pair of facility-style windows, and right inside them, a perpendicular rail, a pair of women, not facing outside, and a pair of small boys that are touching the rail and looking out.
0	a school bus with a sign that says short bus with a rack of shirts and potted plants in front of it
1	a school bus with a sign that says long bus with a rack of shirts and potted plants in front of it
0	A young boy with a downed kite on a string
0	A young boy looks at his kite in the grass.
0	a young boy holding a remote and standing next to a firehydrant
1	a happy boy with a downed kite on a string
1	a happy boy looks at his kite in the grass.
1	a happy boy holding a remote and standing next to a firehydrant
0	very nice flowers of different colors in avases
1	very nice flowers of like colors in avases
0	This fire hydrant is painted three different colors.
1	this fire hydrant is painted three like colors.
0	A flock of sheep walking down a road with a man and young girl.
0	A flock of sheep is led down a rural road
1	a flock of sheep walking down a road with a man and happy girl.
1	a flock of sheep is led down a urban road
0	A very long busy city street with some cars.
1	a very short busy city street with some cars.
0	A big road sign listing three different locations
1	a big road sign listing three like locations
0	Sheep wandering in a hilly meadow with their young
1	sheep wandering in a hilly meadow with their happy
0	A beautiful sunset occurs next to a stadium.
1	a ugly sunset occurs next to a stadium.
0	A street sign showing four different roads on it
1	a street sign showing four like roads on it
0	A view of a street sign many different signs on it.
1	a view of a street sign many like signs on it.
0	A street sign above a speed limit sign on a rural street.
1	a street sign above a speed limit sign on a urban street.
0	a bird with a long beak swimming on the surface of a body of water.
0	A swan with a long beak sits in the river while looking down.
1	a bird with a short beak swimming on the surface of a body of water.
1	a swan with a short beak sits in the river while looking down.
0	The image shows a leafy backdrop with  part of a fence and a smiling woman, and an eagle swooping, improbably, from right above.
1	the image shows a leafless backdrop with part of a fence and a smiling woman, and an eagle swooping, improbably, from right above.
1	the image shows a leafy backdrop with part of a fence and a smiling woman, and an eagle swooping, probably, from right above.
0	A long necked bird with long legs by a swampy marsh.
0	A large long neck bird standing next to a large pond.
0	The black bird with a long neck stands near water.
1	a short necked bird with long legs by a swampy marsh.
1	a large short neck bird standing next to a large pond.
1	the black bird with a short neck stands near water.
0	A bird with a long neck and long bill swimming.
1	a bird with a short neck and long bill swimming.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	Three white birds with long beaks and skinny legs walking through grass.
1	three white birds with short beaks and skinny legs walking through grass.
0	there are many different beer signs along this building
0	A bar lined with three different beer signs.
0	some signs showing different types of beer on the wall
1	there are many like beer signs along this building
1	a bar lined with three like beer signs.
1	some signs showing like types of beer on the wall
0	Close up of two different signs for streets.
1	close up of two like signs for streets.
0	The sign is pointing towards different roads in different directions.
1	the sign is pointing towards like roads in different directions.
0	A very long nice looking train by a platform.
1	a very short nice looking train by a platform.
0	A narrow road with many store signs hanging off buildings.
0	A narrow foreign street has lots of overhead signs.
0	A narrow city street with signs in Chinese Characters.
1	a dirty road with many store signs hanging off buildings.
1	a dirty foreign street has lots of overhead signs.
1	a dirty city street with signs in chinese characters.
0	An almost empty intersection on a beautiful sunny day.
1	an almost empty intersection on a ugly sunny day.
0	a blue sign in front of leafy green trees
1	a blue sign in front of leafless green trees
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A long large train on a steel track.
0	a passenger train speeding by another one going in a different direction
1	a short large train on a steel track.
1	a passenger train speeding by another one going in a like direction
0	A large long train on a track near some tall buildings.
1	a large short train on a track near some tall buildings.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A black sedan parked in the street with a building in a modern architectural style in the background.
1	a black sedan parked in the street with a building in a ancient architectural style in the background.
0	People are riding in the back of a long truck.
1	people are riding in the back of a short truck.
0	A calico cat fast asleep next to a laptop computer.
1	a calico cat fast awake next to a laptop computer.
0	A cow standing outside on a dirty street.
1	a cow standing outside on a cheap street.
0	A very old bus is in on a narrow asian street.
1	a very old bus is in on a dirty asian street.
0	A truck with a long bed sits on a road in the desert.
1	a truck with a short bed sits on a road in the desert.
0	A young man feeds a cow from his hand.
0	Young man feeding a cow from his hand.
0	A young man is feeding a cow by the edge of the road.
1	a happy man feeds a cow from his hand.
1	happy man feeding a cow from his hand.
1	a happy man is feeding a cow by the edge of the road.
0	Young man putting things in a storage area near a beach.
1	happy man putting things in a storage area near a beach.
0	Two small boats are seen against a beautiful sunset.
1	two small boats are seen against a ugly sunset.
0	A young boy is navigating a wooden boat down a river.
1	a happy boy is navigating a wooden boat down a river.
0	A man standing next to a long wooden boat.
1	a man standing next to a short wooden boat.
0	A man makes a funny gesture at a bride.
1	a man makes a dull gesture at a bride.
0	A young person wearing pin-striped stocking standing in front of an umbrella.
1	a happy person wearing pin-striped stocking standing in front of an umbrella.
0	People who are riding on top of different elephants.
1	people who are riding on top of like elephants.
0	Elephants, both adults and their young, eating in a field.
1	elephants, both adults and their happy, eating in a field.
0	Mother, young daughter, and baby doll together under an umbrella.
1	mother, happy daughter, and baby doll together under an umbrella.
0	The young classmates stopped to smile for the picture.
1	the happy classmates stopped to smile for the picture.
0	A young man and woman getting ready to kiss.
1	a happy man and woman getting ready to kiss.
0	Young couple wearing ties outdoors showing celebratory emotions.
0	A young couple of hipster emo people holding up their hands.
1	happy couple wearing ties outdoors showing celebratory emotions.
1	a happy couple of hipster emo people holding up their hands.
0	Two beautiful young ladies giving an elephant a bath in a river.
1	two ugly young ladies giving an elephant a bath in a river.
0	A young man escorting an elephant down a city street.
1	a happy man escorting an elephant down a city street.
0	A young boy wears a blue school uniform, trimmed in gold.
1	a happy boy wears a blue school uniform, trimmed in gold.
0	A group of young women holding umbrellas while walking down a street.
1	a group of happy women holding umbrellas while walking down a street.
0	Young boy on the back of his father under an umbrella.
1	happy boy on the back of his father under an umbrella.
0	Two adorable dogs side on opposite sides of a pot filled with beautiful flowers.
1	two adorable dogs side on opposite sides of a pot filled with ugly flowers.
0	Three different size elephants with focus on the backside.
0	Three elephants of different sizes walk away from the camera.
1	three like size elephants with focus on the backside.
1	three elephants of like sizes walk away from the camera.
0	The sun shining through different colored umbrellas.
0	Several umbrellas of different colors are hanging in the sun.
1	the sun shining through like colored umbrellas.
1	several umbrellas of like colors are hanging in the sun.
0	A beautiful woman playing in the ocean with her dog.
1	a ugly woman playing in the ocean with her dog.
0	A beautiful woman in a bikini surfing with her dog.
1	a ugly woman in a bikini surfing with her dog.
0	The dog has made himself incredibly comfortable in front of the fireplace.
1	the dog has made himself incredibly uncomfortable in front of the fireplace.
0	A young woman standing next to a pink frisbee.
1	a happy woman standing next to a pink frisbee.
0	Two young kids interacting in the grocery store produce section.
1	two happy kids interacting in the grocery store produce section.
0	A man holding four different Frisbees with different titles.
1	a man holding four like frisbees with different titles.
0	A beautiful white horse pulling a green carriage.
1	a ugly white horse pulling a green carriage.
0	A little girl rides a horse being led by a young lady.
0	A young girl guides a horse while a younger girl rides it
0	A young girl next to a horse with a little girl.
1	a little girl rides a horse being led by a happy lady.
1	a happy girl guides a horse while a younger girl rides it
1	a happy girl next to a horse with a little girl.
0	A young child riding on the back of a horse.
1	a happy child riding on the back of a horse.
0	A pile of many different types of fruit.
1	a pile of many like types of fruit.
0	Piles of different types of fruit in a grocery store.
1	piles of like types of fruit in a grocery store.
0	different fruit in the produce section of the grocery store
1	like fruit in the produce section of the grocery store
0	A woman is standing besides several kinds of fruit in an outdoor market.
0	Asian women are looking at vegetables at an outdoor market.
0	An old woman shopping at an outdoor market.
1	a woman is standing besides several kinds of fruit in an indoor market.
1	asian women are looking at vegetables at an indoor market.
1	an old woman shopping at an indoor market.
0	A young girl sits surrounded by plantains, grapes and fine cheeses.
0	A young person who is sitting amongst the fruit at a stand.
0	A young girl sitting in front of a bunch of bananas and grapes.
1	a happy girl sits surrounded by plantains, grapes and fine cheeses.
1	a happy person who is sitting amongst the fruit at a stand.
1	a happy girl sitting in front of a bunch of bananas and grapes.
0	A young boy swings his bat as the baseball comes flying towards him.
0	A young man is playing softball near a fence.
1	a happy boy swings his bat as the baseball comes flying towards him.
1	a happy man is playing softball near a fence.
0	Two young boys are preparing for a play at a ball game.
1	two happy boys are preparing for a play at a ball game.
0	Two uncut pizzas sitting out on a table.
1	two trimmed pizzas sitting out on a table.
0	Three white plates topped with different foods next to a cup of coffee.
1	three white plates topped with like foods next to a cup of coffee.
0	The baseball player swung the baseball bat hard
1	the baseball player swung the baseball bat simple
0	A woman is preparing food as two young boys stand by and watch.
1	a woman is preparing food as two happy boys stand by and watch.
0	A pretty young lady standing on skis on a snow covered ski slope.
1	a pretty happy lady standing on skis on a snow covered ski slope.
0	A young man on a skateboard doing tricks.
0	A young man balanced on his skateboard.
0	A young man doing skateboard tricks in a skate park
0	A young fellow rides his skateboard on a dreary day.
1	a happy man on a skateboard doing tricks.
1	a happy man balanced on his skateboard.
1	a happy man doing skateboard tricks in a skate park
1	a happy fellow rides his skateboard on a dreary day.
0	A young man in the air on his skateboard.
0	A young man flying through the air on top of a skateboard.
1	a happy man in the air on his skateboard.
1	a happy man flying through the air on top of a skateboard.
0	Crates of apples lined up at an outdoor market.
1	crates of apples lined up at an indoor market.
0	A man attempting to do a skateboard trick on an outdoor halfpipe.
1	a man attempting to do a skateboard trick on an indoor halfpipe.
0	A plate that has three different kinds of food on it.
1	a plate that has three like kinds of food on it.
0	A group of young people walking into a park, some of them carrying skateboards.
1	a group of happy people walking into a park, some of them carrying skateboards.
0	The two young men are doing jumps on their skateboards.
1	the two happy men are doing jumps on their skateboards.
0	A group of young people with skate boards gathered together.
1	a group of happy people with skate boards gathered together.
0	Foot view of a young man in yellow sneakers as he rides down the road on his skateboard.
1	foot view of a happy man in yellow sneakers as he rides down the road on his skateboard.
0	A young man on a skateboard performing a stunt near a curb.
0	A young man riding a skateboard jumps onto the sidewalk over the curb.
1	a happy man on a skateboard performing a stunt near a curb.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard jumps onto the sidewalk over the curb.
0	A young man is eating a hamburger while a young girl watches and laughs.
0	A young man siting at a picnic table holding a sandwich while a young girl looks on smiling.
1	a happy man is eating a hamburger while a young girl watches and laughs.
1	a happy man siting at a picnic table holding a sandwich while a young girl looks on smiling.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a street.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a street.
0	People skateboarding on a concrete surface with a painted dragon.
1	people skateboarding on a concrete surface with a unpainted dragon.
0	A young man rides a skateboard on the sidewalk.
0	a young man rides a skateboard along a smooth marble ground
1	a happy man rides a skateboard on the sidewalk.
1	a happy man rides a skateboard along a smooth marble ground
0	A young woman cutting into a frosted white cake.
1	a happy woman cutting into a frosted white cake.
0	A young boy with sunglasses on top of his head eating a sandwich.
1	a happy boy with sunglasses on top of his head eating a sandwich.
0	A display case filled with lots of different kinds of donuts.
0	Shelves of donuts of different colors and varieties.
1	a display case filled with lots of like kinds of donuts.
1	shelves of donuts of like colors and varieties.
0	Several different doughnuts that are on a tray.
1	several like doughnuts that are on a tray.
0	A young man with long hair taking a bite out of a full loaf of bread.
1	a happy man with long hair taking a bite out of a full loaf of bread.
0	A bakery that has several different kinds of doughnuts.
1	a bakery that has several like kinds of doughnuts.
0	Beautiful large surfboards on a rack at the beach.
1	ugly large surfboards on a rack at the beach.
0	A young man carrying a surfboard with another balanced on his head walking down the beach at dusk.
1	a happy man carrying a surfboard with another balanced on his head walking down the beach at dusk.
0	A young person holding a surfboard next to a man.
1	a happy person holding a surfboard next to a man.
0	A happy child slicing into a soccer themed cake
0	Several young boys admiring a soccer themed birthday cake.
1	a angry child slicing into a soccer themed cake
1	several happy boys admiring a soccer themed birthday cake.
0	A very nice, but tiny bedroom, with a very tiny bed.
1	a very nice, but huge bedroom, with a very tiny bed.
0	A tiny bedroom with a MacBook sitting on a bed.
1	a huge bedroom with a macbook sitting on a bed.
0	A young man appears to be taking a break from the waves.
0	A young man water surfing near a beach
1	a happy man appears to be taking a break from the waves.
1	a happy man water surfing near a beach
0	The person is surfing through the long wave in the ocean.
0	A man riding a long wave in the ocean.
1	the person is surfing through the short wave in the ocean.
1	a man riding a short wave in the ocean.
0	A beautiful woman in a wedding dress cutting cake with her husband.
1	a ugly woman in a wedding dress cutting cake with her husband.
0	A young bride and her groom cut the cake at the wedding reception.
1	a happy bride and her groom cut the cake at the wedding reception.
0	A group of young children in green shirts eat slices of pizza together.
1	a group of happy children in green shirts eat slices of pizza together.
0	A huge keyboard mat on the ground in a room.
1	a tiny keyboard mat on the ground in a room.
0	A living area with chairs, long sofa and coffee table.
1	a living area with chairs, short sofa and coffee table.
0	A young man sitting in a chair holding a toothbrush.
0	A young man seated in a gray chair holding a toothbrush.
0	Young man wearing glasses holding up a toothbrush.
1	a happy man sitting in a chair holding a toothbrush.
1	a happy man seated in a gray chair holding a toothbrush.
1	happy man wearing glasses holding up a toothbrush.
0	A living room filled with two leather couches on a hard wood floor.
1	a living room filled with two leather couches on a simple wood floor.
0	A couch sitting in front of a rub on a hard wood floor.
1	a couch sitting in front of a rub on a simple wood floor.
0	A modern living room with black couch and fireplace.
1	a ancient living room with black couch and fireplace.
0	A series of photos showing a beautiful woman brushing her teeth.
1	a series of photos showing a ugly woman brushing her teeth.
0	Modern living room with flat panel TV and sound system.
1	ancient living room with flat panel tv and sound system.
0	Two young boys playing a game on the wii.
1	two happy boys playing a game on the wii.
0	A young boy holding a game controller
0	A young boy with short hair playing Wii and smiling.
1	a happy boy holding a game controller
1	a happy boy with short hair playing wii and smiling.
0	A young boy wearing a red shirt holding a Nintendo Wii controller.
0	A young boy playing video games in a room
1	a happy boy wearing a red shirt holding a nintendo wii controller.
1	a happy boy playing video games in a room
0	Three young men in a classroom holding video game remotes.
1	three happy men in a classroom holding video game remotes.
0	A young boy holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
1	a happy boy holding a nintendo wii game controller.
0	A modern wooden table sits in the middle of a living room.
1	a ancient wooden table sits in the middle of a living room.
0	Electronic keyboard and computers on display on long table.
1	electronic keyboard and computers on display on short table.
0	A group of young people taking notes on small pads
1	a group of happy people taking notes on small pads
0	a young lady drinks coffee as she uses her laptop
0	A young woman on a macbook drinking a beverage.
1	a happy lady drinks coffee as she uses her laptop
1	a happy woman on a macbook drinking a beverage.
0	A very cute looking stuffed animal with a funny hat.
1	a very cute looking stuffed animal with a dull hat.
0	People in a rural area overlooking a mountainous region
1	people in a urban area overlooking a mountainous region
0	A shopping mall filled with lots of different shops.
1	a shopping mall filled with lots of like shops.
0	A young boy holding a kite while running across a field.
1	a happy boy holding a kite while running across a field.
0	The young girl is flying her kite in the field.
1	the happy girl is flying her kite in the field.
0	A beautiful woman standing in front of  two baseball players.
1	a ugly woman standing in front of two baseball players.
0	a young person holding a baseball bat
0	A young boy holding a bat on a city street.
1	a happy person holding a baseball bat
1	a happy boy holding a bat on a city street.
0	A young boy holding a baseball bat standing on a street.
0	A young boy is holding the bat, possibly practicing his swing.
0	Young boy getting ready to swing his baseball bat.
0	A young boy is winding up the bat and preparing to swing at a ball.
1	a happy boy holding a baseball bat standing on a street.
1	a happy boy is holding the bat, possibly practicing his swing.
1	happy boy getting ready to swing his baseball bat.
1	a happy boy is winding up the bat and preparing to swing at a ball.
0	People are watching a young baseball player at the game.
1	people are watching a happy baseball player at the game.
0	a young child sitting on the floor with a laptop
1	a happy child sitting on the floor with a laptop
0	A young girl holds a stuffed animal toy.
0	A young girl wearing a white shirt and an orange skirt sits on the blue carpeted floor holding a white stuffed bear.
1	a happy girl holds a stuffed animal toy.
1	a happy girl wearing a white shirt and an orange skirt sits on the blue carpeted floor holding a white stuffed bear.
0	A young woman sits at a picnic table with her laptop.
1	a happy woman sits at a picnic table with her laptop.
0	Many vases of different colored tulips on the shelf.
1	many vases of like colored tulips on the shelf.
0	A young boy sitting on a sofa eating from a bowl on a small table.
1	a happy boy sitting on a sofa eating from a bowl on a small table.
0	Young girl sitting on a bench checking her cell phone.
1	happy girl sitting on a bench checking her cell phone.
0	A young man riding a bike past a car while talking on a cell phone.
0	A young man is riding a yellow bike while talking on his phone.
1	a happy man riding a bike past a car while talking on a cell phone.
1	a happy man is riding a yellow bike while talking on his phone.
0	A smiling young mother holding her infant child.
1	a smiling happy mother holding her infant child.
0	An emo girl holding a smart phone with a shaved head.
0	A young woman reading a text message that appears in the air next to her.
1	an emo girl holding a dumb phone with a shaved head.
1	a happy woman reading a text message that appears in the air next to her.
0	A woman wearing a short skirt and a plaid shirt.
0	A young lady wearing a red and white checkered shirt and black suit coat holding a cell phone.
1	a woman wearing a long skirt and a plaid shirt.
1	a happy lady wearing a red and white checkered shirt and black suit coat holding a cell phone.
0	A young couple are walking happily close together.
0	A young woman in a blue dress walks with a young man.
1	a happy couple are walking happily close together.
1	a happy woman in a blue dress walks with a young man.
1	a young couple are walking sadly close together.
0	A hand holding up a smart phone above a crowd.
1	a hand holding up a dumb phone above a crowd.
0	A smart phone sitting on display in a case.
0	A white smart phone is being put on display.
1	a dumb phone sitting on display in a case.
1	a white dumb phone is being put on display.
0	Open oven with several different kinds of casseroles baking inside.
1	open oven with several like kinds of casseroles baking inside.
0	a central clock tower light up at night
1	a peripheral clock tower light up at night
0	The beautiful clock overlooks the quaint tree-lined street.
1	the ugly clock overlooks the quaint tree-lined street.
0	Here is a beautiful old steeple in the late afternoon sun
1	here is a ugly old steeple in the late afternoon sun
0	Three different vases containing several red tulip blooms.
0	A beautiful picture of a table full of flower vases.
0	Three vases with different designs holding red flowers.
1	three like vases containing several red tulip blooms.
1	a ugly picture of a table full of flower vases.
1	three vases with like designs holding red flowers.
0	A table with different vases next to a lake.
0	A couple of different types of vases on a table.
1	a table with like vases next to a lake.
1	a couple of like types of vases on a table.
0	Eight different types and sizes of paira of scissors on a red table.
1	eight like types and sizes of paira of scissors on a red table.
0	A teddy bear is holding a Happy Birthday sign.
0	A Happy Birthday Card next to a teddy bear.
0	Stuffed bear holding up a hand decorated Happy Birthday banner.
1	a teddy bear is holding a angry birthday sign.
1	a angry birthday card next to a teddy bear.
1	stuffed bear holding up a hand decorated angry birthday banner.
0	A kitchen is shown with a red painted wall.
0	A kitchen with red painted walls next to a stove top oven.
1	a kitchen is shown with a red unpainted wall.
1	a kitchen with red unpainted walls next to a stove top oven.
0	A man standing in the ocean next to a young child.
0	A young boy attempts to surf a wave as an adult watches.
1	a man standing in the ocean next to a happy child.
1	a happy boy attempts to surf a wave as an adult watches.
0	A modern kitchen that is bright and painted blue and yellow.
1	a ancient kitchen that is bright and painted blue and yellow.
0	A young girl taking a photo of herself with a giraffe behind her.
1	a happy girl taking a photo of herself with a giraffe behind her.
0	Three young men prepare to race bicycles back in the early nineteenth century as a crowd of mean watch.
1	three happy men prepare to race bicycles back in the early nineteenth century as a crowd of mean watch.
0	THIS IS A MODERN BATHROOM WITH LOTS OF GREEN TILE
1	this is a ancient bathroom with lots of green tile
0	Bathroom holding different plants in its appliances.
1	bathroom holding like plants in its appliances.
0	A very modern styled bathroom with a sun lit window.
0	A small modern bathroom with a toilet, sink, and shower.
1	a very ancient styled bathroom with a sun lit window.
1	a small ancient bathroom with a toilet, sink, and shower.
0	Group of young people on bicycles following a large pink bus.
1	group of happy people on bicycles following a large pink bus.
0	A dirty public restroom with sinks and mirrors.
0	An old very dirty bathroom with soap dispensers mounted to a tiled wall.
1	a cheap public restroom with sinks and mirrors.
1	an old very cheap bathroom with soap dispensers mounted to a tiled wall.
0	A young man in full racing gear standing by his bike.
1	a happy man in full racing gear standing by his bike.
0	An outdoor toilet with the sun shining in the background.
1	an indoor toilet with the sun shining in the background.
0	a very dirty sink besides a toilet in a room
1	a very cheap sink besides a toilet in a room
0	Two beautiful women sitting on and standing near a motorcycle.
0	Two girls wearing are wearing short skirts and one of them sits on a motorcycle while the other stands nearby.
0	An attractive young woman on a motorcycle with her friend close by.
1	two ugly women sitting on and standing near a motorcycle.
1	two girls wearing are wearing long skirts and one of them sits on a motorcycle while the other stands nearby.
1	an attractive happy woman on a motorcycle with her friend close by.
0	The motorcyclist is getting ready for a long ride.
1	the motorcyclist is getting ready for a short ride.
0	A person on a motorcycle on a very long street.
1	a person on a motorcycle on a very short street.
0	a beautiful lady with a very nice motor bike
0	A young woman is sitting on a motorcycle in a parking lot.
1	a ugly lady with a very nice motor bike
1	a happy woman is sitting on a motorcycle in a parking lot.
0	A sleek, modern toilet has a backlight and granite counter for storage.
1	a sleek, ancient toilet has a backlight and granite counter for storage.
0	A happy motor cyclist in leathers on a sunny day
1	a angry motor cyclist in leathers on a sunny day
0	A young man sitting on a motorcycle on a street surrounded by a grassy field.
0	A man is riding a motorcycle down a narrow country lane.
1	a happy man sitting on a motorcycle on a street surrounded by a grassy field.
1	a man is riding a motorcycle down a dirty country lane.
0	A young man stands by two red motorcycles.
0	A young man posing beside his red racing motorcycle.
1	a happy man stands by two red motorcycles.
1	a happy man posing beside his red racing motorcycle.
0	a chromed out motorcycle with unusual exhaust pipes
1	a chromed out motorcycle with usual exhaust pipes
0	man with long thick gray beard riding a motorcycle
1	man with short thick gray beard riding a motorcycle
0	A young man is sitting on his blue motorcycle.
0	A young man riding a moped down a dirt road.
0	A young man poses on his scooter on a dirt road.
0	A young man is riding a motorcycle on a country road.
1	a happy man is sitting on his blue motorcycle.
1	a happy man riding a moped down a dirt road.
1	a happy man poses on his scooter on a dirt road.
1	a happy man is riding a motorcycle on a country road.
0	A motorcycle with long rails hanging from it.
0	A motorcycle with crazy long exhaust pipes parked along the side of the road.
1	a motorcycle with short rails hanging from it.
1	a motorcycle with crazy short exhaust pipes parked along the side of the road.
0	The large living room has been decorated in modern furnishings.
1	the large living room has been decorated in ancient furnishings.
0	A digital camouflaged air plane jet in the air.
1	a analog camouflaged air plane jet in the air.
0	A camouflaged jet is flying in the air with landing wheels partially down.
1	a camouflaged jet is flying in the air with landing wheels altogether down.
0	a young giraffe standing by large brown rocks near a grassy area
1	a happy giraffe standing by large brown rocks near a grassy area
0	A young man sitting on a park bench by himself.
0	A young man sits on a bench next to a large flower bed.
1	a happy man sitting on a park bench by himself.
1	a happy man sits on a bench next to a large flower bed.
0	Two giraffes lying on the ground facing different directions.
1	two giraffes lying on the ground facing like directions.
0	A group of young people standing next to a field by a herd of sheep.
1	a group of happy people standing next to a field by a herd of sheep.
0	A giraffe's head and neck appear under a green, leafy tree.
1	a giraffe's head and neck appear under a green, leafless tree.
0	A truck and motorcycle at a traffic light with many different colors.
1	a truck and motorcycle at a traffic light with many like colors.
0	two different double decker buses one is red and white the other green and white
1	two like double decker buses one is red and white the other green and white
0	A young man sitting on a bench working on a laptop.
1	a happy man sitting on a bench working on a laptop.
0	A beautiful bush of flowers next to a bench.
1	a ugly bush of flowers next to a bench.
0	a very long bus moving on the street very fast
1	a very short bus moving on the street very fast
0	a painted green fire hydrant along a street
1	a unpainted green fire hydrant along a street
0	Red, modern double decker bus driving down the street
1	red, ancient double decker bus driving down the street
0	Two giraffes standing among low trees in an outdoor setting.
1	two giraffes standing among low trees in an indoor setting.
0	Adult goats are grazing with their young in the grass.
1	adult goats are grazing with their happy in the grass.
0	A long empty road with an over pass bridge.
1	a short empty road with an over pass bridge.
0	A wet road in a rural neighborhood.
0	A long road line with lots of houses.
1	a wet road in a urban neighborhood.
1	a short road line with lots of houses.
0	A young person playing a Nintendo ds while laying on a bed.
1	a happy person playing a nintendo ds while laying on a bed.
0	A number of signs pointing to different businesses.
0	A street sign with many different signs on it.
1	a number of signs pointing to like businesses.
1	a street sign with many like signs on it.
0	A green train is going down the tracks in a rural setting.
1	a green train is going down the tracks in a urban setting.
0	Smoke from a passing train obscures a huge mural.
1	smoke from a passing train obscures a tiny mural.
0	A long train travels past some trees along the railroad tracks
0	A long black and silver train on tracks.
1	a short train travels past some trees along the railroad tracks
1	a short black and silver train on tracks.
0	A large long white train on a steel track.
1	a large short white train on a steel track.
0	A modern passenger train pulling into a primitive station.
1	a ancient passenger train pulling into a primitive station.
0	a wood floored living room with a modern couch and large windows
0	A couch sitting on top of a hard wood floor next to a  table.
0	A large orange cat sits atop a modern couch.
1	a wood floored living room with a ancient couch and large windows
1	a couch sitting on top of a simple wood floor next to a table.
1	a large orange cat sits atop a ancient couch.
0	A cat is asleep on top of a bed.
1	a cat is awake on top of a bed.
0	A motor boating speeding along the water on a beautiful day.
1	a motor boating speeding along the water on a ugly day.
0	Two young women in dresses and a young man pose for a photo with men wearing German mountaineer costumes.
1	two happy women in dresses and a young man pose for a photo with men wearing german mountaineer costumes.
0	A young man in a suit with his arm around the shoulder a shorter older man, also in a suit
0	Two men young and old take a photo.
1	a happy man in a suit with his arm around the shoulder a shorter older man, also in a suit
1	two men happy and old take a photo.
0	Two sailboats are navigating through a narrow river.
1	two sailboats are navigating through a dirty river.
0	A lighthouse stands against a blue sky on a long dock that stretches out across a blue body of water as a boat speeds past.
1	a lighthouse stands against a blue sky on a short dock that stretches out across a blue body of water as a boat speeds past.
0	Young couple posing in front of a bush and tree.
1	happy couple posing in front of a bush and tree.
0	A couple is dressed formally as they embrace eachother.
1	a couple is dressed informally as they embrace eachother.
0	Two boats with long paddles on grassy area by trees.
1	two boats with short paddles on grassy area by trees.
0	a man with somewhat long hair wearing a tie
0	A man with long bangs wearing a tie around his neck.
0	A young man in a tie with wavy bangs.
1	a man with somewhat short hair wearing a tie
1	a man with short bangs wearing a tie around his neck.
1	a happy man in a tie with wavy bangs.
0	Man standing in the middle of crowded dirty street talking on cell phone.
1	man standing in the middle of crowded cheap street talking on cell phone.
0	The adult elephant is stretching it's long trunk over the fence.
1	the adult elephant is stretching it's short trunk over the fence.
0	A woman is walking with an unusual umbrella.
1	a woman is walking with an usual umbrella.
0	A young boy holding an umbrella while standing at the edge of a cliff above a body of water.
1	a happy boy holding an umbrella while standing at the edge of a cliff above a body of water.
0	A young girl is sitting on the floor with a suitcase.
1	a happy girl is sitting on the floor with a suitcase.
0	A young woman standing on top of a field about to catch a frisbee.
1	a happy woman standing on top of a field about to catch a frisbee.
0	A young man standing in a lake holding something.
1	a happy man standing in a lake holding something.
0	A short and stumpy zebra in it's natural habitat.
1	a long and stumpy zebra in it's natural habitat.
0	This zebra has black and white strips and is in the woods that is partially shaded.
1	this zebra has black and white strips and is in the woods that is altogether shaded.
0	Three pictures of a young child jumping into the pool.
1	three pictures of a happy child jumping into the pool.
0	A group of young men playing a game of frisbee.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of frisbee.
0	A young man laying on top of a gravel road.
1	a happy man laying on top of a gravel road.
0	A zebra standing on dirty area with trees in the background.
1	a zebra standing on cheap area with trees in the background.
0	A white plate with several different desserts on it.
0	a plate of many different sweets and pastries on a wooden table
1	a white plate with several like desserts on it.
1	a plate of many like sweets and pastries on a wooden table
0	Three different computer monitors are cluttered on one desk.
1	three like computer monitors are cluttered on one desk.
0	A young man wakeboarding holding the rope one-handed
1	a happy man wakeboarding holding the rope one-handed
0	A young boys is hitting a baseball while another young boy is playing catcher.
1	a happy boys is hitting a baseball while another young boy is playing catcher.
0	young woman looking up into a palm tree
1	happy woman looking up into a palm tree
0	Two baseball players on different teams are standing together, and one is on base.
1	two baseball players on like teams are standing together, and one is on base.
0	A simple meal arranged on a white and green plate.
1	a hard meal arranged on a white and green plate.
0	A short stocky baseball player holding a glove.
0	a close up of a young person in a field
0	A young boy is in the outfield playing baseball.
1	a long stocky baseball player holding a glove.
1	a close up of a happy person in a field
1	a happy boy is in the outfield playing baseball.
0	The young man is riding his skateboard down the road.
1	the happy man is riding his skateboard down the road.
0	A young boy sits on a skateboard holding a stick with wheels.
1	a happy boy sits on a skateboard holding a stick with wheels.
0	Young skiers enjoying a run on a gentle slope.
1	happy skiers enjoying a run on a gentle slope.
0	A plate of a mixture of different foods covered by a white sauce.
1	a plate of a mixture of like foods covered by a white sauce.
0	some nigs cheffin up some grub that looks mad bangin
1	some nigs cheffin up some grub that looks happy bangin
0	Three pans filled with different types of food.
1	three pans filled with like types of food.
0	Small tortilla pizzas are being prepared with a huge amount of toppings setting nearby.
1	small tortilla pizzas are being prepared with a tiny amount of toppings setting nearby.
0	A young boy riding a skateboard on a street in front of a house.
0	A young boy riding a twisty skateboard down the street
0	A young boy is riding on a two wheeled skateboard.
0	A young boy skateboarding on a suburban street
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard on a street in front of a house.
1	a happy boy riding a twisty skateboard down the street
1	a happy boy is riding on a two wheeled skateboard.
1	a happy boy skateboarding on a suburban street
0	Young man holding a skateboard and his helmet.
0	A young male holding a skate board with yellow glasses on smiling
1	happy man holding a skateboard and his helmet.
1	a happy male holding a skate board with yellow glasses on smiling
0	A young man riding a skateboard jumping a ramp.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard jumping a ramp.
0	The young man is practicing on his skateboard.
0	A young man wearing red shoes on a skate board.
1	the happy man is practicing on his skateboard.
1	a happy man wearing red shoes on a skate board.
0	A young man standing in front of a fence holding a skateboard.
0	A young man holding his skateboard, is posing for the camera.
0	Young man holding skateboard in front of fence.
1	a happy man standing in front of a fence holding a skateboard.
1	a happy man holding his skateboard, is posing for the camera.
1	happy man holding skateboard in front of fence.
0	A young man sitting on the ground next to a skateboard
0	A young man laying on the ground next to a skateboard.
1	a happy man sitting on the ground next to a skateboard
1	a happy man laying on the ground next to a skateboard.
0	A plate with different foods sits next to a bowl of salad.
1	a plate with like foods sits next to a bowl of salad.
0	A young man on a skateboard jumping from a raised area to a lower concrete area.
1	a happy man on a skateboard jumping from a raised area to a lower concrete area.
0	A young man performing a skate board trick outside.
1	a happy man performing a skate board trick outside.
0	A long table set with a variety fruits, vegetables and baked goods.
0	A long white table is set up with food.
1	a short table set with a variety fruits, vegetables and baked goods.
1	a short white table is set up with food.
0	The young man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard.
1	the happy man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard.
0	Man on long board skating down steep road
1	man on short board skating down steep road
0	A young man snowboarding down a snowy hill
1	a happy man snowboarding down a snowy hill
0	a white box with many different kinds of donuts
0	There are many different types of donuts in the box.
1	a white box with many like kinds of donuts
1	there are many like types of donuts in the box.
0	A young boy holding a slice of pizza in his hands.
1	a happy boy holding a slice of pizza in his hands.
0	Two different types of donuts on a plate.
1	two like types of donuts on a plate.
0	A box filled with all types of different types of donuts.
0	I am unable to see the image above.
0	A large box of many different types of doughnuts.
1	a box filled with all types of like types of donuts.
1	i am able to see the image above.
1	a large box of many like types of doughnuts.
0	Different types of doughnuts sitting on a plate half eaten.
0	Two different kinds of glazed donuts sitting on a white plate.
1	like types of doughnuts sitting on a plate half eaten.
1	two like kinds of glazed donuts sitting on a white plate.
0	Two glazed donuts on a plate with some partially eaten crullers.
1	two glazed donuts on a plate with some altogether eaten crullers.
0	A beautiful woman with large breast in a bikini standing next to a man in the ocean.
1	a ugly woman with large breast in a bikini standing next to a man in the ocean.
0	A woman is holding a baby with another young boy beside her.
0	A young gir holding a child with a boy standing next to them
0	A young mother at home with her two children.
1	a woman is holding a baby with another happy boy beside her.
1	a happy gir holding a child with a boy standing next to them
1	a happy mother at home with her two children.
0	a young boy is in the ocean riding a surf board with a older man
1	a happy boy is in the ocean riding a surf board with a older man
0	A young boy climbing into a surfboard in the water.
0	A young boy hanging on to a surfboard in the water.
0	A young man riding  a surfboard in the ocean.
0	A young child attempting to get onto a surfboard in the water.
1	a happy boy climbing into a surfboard in the water.
1	a happy boy hanging on to a surfboard in the water.
1	a happy man riding a surfboard in the ocean.
1	a happy child attempting to get onto a surfboard in the water.
0	A young person who is riding a good wave on a surfboard.
1	a happy person who is riding a good wave on a surfboard.
0	A young man holding a blue surfboard on top of a beach.
1	a happy man holding a blue surfboard on top of a beach.
0	Three beautiful women riding a paddle board on a large body of water.
1	three ugly women riding a paddle board on a large body of water.
0	A beautiful sunset draws many different viewers on a beach.
1	a ugly sunset draws many different viewers on a beach.
0	A young man riding a surfboard with only one leg.
1	a happy man riding a surfboard with only one leg.
0	A young boy riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
0	A young boy is perfecting his surfing technique in the shallows as an alert man watches him closely from behind.
1	a happy boy riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
1	a happy boy is perfecting his surfing technique in the shallows as an alert man watches him closely from behind.
0	A man and a young child in wet suits surfing in the ocean.
0	A young boy on a surfboard being taught to surf.
1	a man and a happy child in wet suits surfing in the ocean.
1	a happy boy on a surfboard being taught to surf.
0	a woman skating on a very strong waves
1	a woman skating on a very proud waves
0	A woman is riding a surfboard and has caught a huge wave.
1	a woman is riding a surfboard and has caught a tiny wave.
0	A bunch of happy looking people by a cake.
1	a bunch of angry looking people by a cake.
0	A horizontal Christmas tree on a loft bed.
1	a perpendicular christmas tree on a loft bed.
0	A young man riding on top of a surfboard.
1	a happy man riding on top of a surfboard.
0	A young man surfs in a small blue wave.
1	a happy man surfs in a small blue wave.
0	A young woman riding a pink surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
0	A person with long hair riding a surfboard on a wave.
1	a happy woman riding a pink surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
1	a person with short hair riding a surfboard on a wave.
0	An older man with long hair carrying a surfboard into the ocean.
1	an older man with narrow hair carrying a surfboard into the ocean.
0	A bride is with a long red haired person with cake.
1	a bride is with a short red haired person with cake.
0	A young couple enjoying a meal at a restaurant.
1	a happy couple enjoying a meal at a restaurant.
0	a person and a young child on a beach
1	a person and a happy child on a beach
0	a young male riding an ocean wave on a surfboard
1	a happy male riding an ocean wave on a surfboard
0	a young man surfing an eight foot wave
1	a happy man surfing an eight foot wave
0	A young woman sits in bed combing her hair.
0	Young woman sitting on the edge of a bed looking tired.
1	a happy woman sits in bed combing her hair.
1	happy woman sitting on the edge of a bed looking tired.
0	A woman with beautiful breast sitting next to another woman and pizzas.
1	a woman with ugly breast sitting next to another woman and pizzas.
0	a modern looking living room with shelves and a large screen tv
1	a ancient looking living room with shelves and a large screen tv
0	A young girl hitting a tennis ball with a .racquet
1	a happy girl hitting a tennis ball with a .racquet
0	A young man holding a racquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy man holding a racquet on a tennis court.
0	Baked dish on long metal serving dish on wooden table.
0	A long, rectangular, gourmet pizza on a metal tray
0	A large long pizza on a metal pan on a table.
0	An Italian meal with marinara sauce served on a long tray.
1	baked dish on short metal serving dish on wooden table.
1	a short, rectangular, gourmet pizza on a metal tray
1	a large short pizza on a metal pan on a table.
1	an italian meal with marinara sauce served on a short tray.
0	A lady making a funny face in a restaurant.
0	A girl is wide mouth next to a huge pizza.
1	a lady making a dull face in a restaurant.
1	a girl is wide mouth next to a tiny pizza.
0	Two young women sitting on a couch one of them using a laptop.
0	Two young woman sitting on opposite ends of the couch, one wrapped in a blanket, the other looking at a laptop.
1	two happy women sitting on a couch one of them using a laptop.
1	two happy woman sitting on opposite ends of the couch, one wrapped in a blanket, the other looking at a laptop.
0	A coffee cup filled with different colored tooth brushes.
1	a coffee cup filled with like colored tooth brushes.
0	A couple of young ladies sitting next to each other.
0	Two young girls playing the Wii on a couch.
0	two young females sitting in a couch with their feet resting on a coffee table
1	a couple of happy ladies sitting next to each other.
1	two happy girls playing the wii on a couch.
1	two happy females sitting in a couch with their feet resting on a coffee table
0	A long white couch in front of a wooden table.
0	A brightly decorated room with a large mirror behind a long couch
1	a short white couch in front of a wooden table.
1	a brightly decorated room with a large mirror behind a short couch
0	A young child is sitting playing the Wii.
1	a happy child is sitting playing the wii.
0	A black and white living room with modern furniture.
1	a black and white living room with ancient furniture.
0	The shades are partly drawn on this black and white motif room.
1	the shades are altogether drawn on this black and white motif room.
0	A young man in ski equipment is looking at a cell phone.
1	a happy man in ski equipment is looking at a cell phone.
0	A young boy sitting on a field next to a soccer ball.
1	a happy boy sitting on a field next to a soccer ball.
0	A young child and cat in a living room.
0	A young boy walking through a living room towards  a cat.
0	A young boy playing in a living room with a large window.
1	a happy child and cat in a living room.
1	a happy boy walking through a living room towards a cat.
1	a happy boy playing in a living room with a large window.
0	A girl with long hair holds a string and looks up at the kites that are up in the air.
0	A woman with long hair is flying a kite.
1	a girl with short hair holds a string and looks up at the kites that are up in the air.
1	a woman with short hair is flying a kite.
0	A full view of a beautiful store in a town.
0	A view of a store that sells teddy bears. There is a huge display in the window.
1	a full view of a ugly store in a town.
1	a view of a store that sells teddy bears. there is a tiny display in the window.
0	Young children are at the beach flying a toy story kite.
1	happy children are at the beach flying a toy story kite.
0	People flying different kites at around the same area
1	people flying like kites at around the same area
0	Young children fly kites in a city square.
1	happy children fly kites in a city square.
0	Young boy standing on a bench on a clear day.
1	happy boy standing on a bench on a clear day.
0	The young man is looking across the table at the camera.
1	the happy man is looking across the table at the camera.
0	A young boy holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy boy holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	an image of modern things on a bookshelf
1	an image of ancient things on a bookshelf
0	A group of young people in a bus
1	a group of happy people in a bus
0	Two young girls using laptops sitting on a coffee table.
1	two happy girls using laptops sitting on a coffee table.
0	Different platters of food are set in the kitchen.
1	like platters of food are set in the kitchen.
0	A cell phone and a smart phone lying side by side.
0	A picture of two smart phone display screens.
1	a cell phone and a dumb phone lying side by side.
1	a picture of two dumb phone display screens.
0	A man holding up a smart phone to his own face.
1	a man holding up a dumb phone to his own face.
0	A young man is on his phone looking upwards.
0	A man sitting at a bench holding a smart phone.
1	a happy man is on his phone looking upwards.
1	a man sitting at a bench holding a dumb phone.
0	There is a young girl smiling at the camera.
1	there is a happy girl smiling at the camera.
0	A close up of bark on a tree with a young man on a cell phone in the background
1	a close up of bark on a tree with a happy man on a cell phone in the background
0	A man sitting on top of a couch holding a smart phone.
1	a man sitting on top of a couch holding a dumb phone.
0	A man without a shirt holding a smart phone.
1	a man without a shirt holding a dumb phone.
0	a young woman holding a cell phone in her right hand
0	A woman with long her holding a phone in her hand
1	a happy woman holding a cell phone in her right hand
1	a woman with short her holding a phone in her hand
0	Old oven with four different compartments on it.
1	old oven with four like compartments on it.
0	A young man is working and mixing something together.
1	a happy man is working and mixing something together.
0	The young girl is standing in front of the opened refrigerator with her pants down.
1	the happy girl is standing in front of the opened refrigerator with her pants down.
0	A long dining room table stacked with dishes.
1	a short dining room table stacked with dishes.
0	All kinds of silverware, dishes, cups, and other things completely covering the table.
1	all kinds of silverware, dishes, cups, and other things partly covering the table.
0	A blue vase filled with yellow tiny flowers.
1	a blue vase filled with yellow huge flowers.
0	a very unusual night time display on a table
1	a very usual night time display on a table
0	A woman holding a smart phone at a table.
1	a woman holding a dumb phone at a table.
0	A young woman with a colorful umbrella stands near a crowd.
1	a happy woman with a colorful umbrella stands near a crowd.
0	An updated kitchen with modern stainless steel appliances.
1	an updated kitchen with ancient stainless steel appliances.
0	A small, neat, simple kithcen with lots of cupboards and a small work table in the middle of the room.
1	a small, neat, hard kithcen with lots of cupboards and a small work table in the middle of the room.
0	The modern looking toilet is in a green alcove.
1	the ancient looking toilet is in a green alcove.
0	Bicyclists dressed in vintage attire sit on a city street with modern cars.
1	bicyclists dressed in vintage attire sit on a city street with ancient cars.
0	A bathroom with a sink under a huge vanity mirror.
0	A neat and tidy modern bathroom with large mirror.
1	a bathroom with a sink under a tiny vanity mirror.
1	a neat and tidy ancient bathroom with large mirror.
0	A sleek modern bathroom is decorated nicely with the exception of the entrance rug.
1	a sleek ancient bathroom is decorated nicely with the exception of the entrance rug.
0	A look into a very tiny narrow rest room.
1	a look into a very huge narrow rest room.
0	A long haired cat crouched under the back of a car.
1	a short haired cat crouched under the back of a car.
0	A modern toilet in a a cool modern bathroom.
1	a ancient toilet in a a cool modern bathroom.
0	A horse and carriage are going down a narrow street.
1	a horse and carriage are going down a dirty street.
0	A motorcycle parked in front of an outdoor area.
0	A police motorcycle parked near a fence and outdoor tables.
1	a motorcycle parked in front of an indoor area.
1	a police motorcycle parked near a fence and indoor tables.
0	A large open room with a long white staircase.
1	a large open room with a short white staircase.
0	a long row of motorcycles parked along a sidewalk in a city
1	a short row of motorcycles parked along a sidewalk in a city
0	A very simple entertainment center with a flatscreen TV
1	a very hard entertainment center with a flatscreen tv
0	Two goat kids and one young lamb are in a field.
0	Three young lambs are standing in the grassy meadow.
1	two goat kids and one happy lamb are in a field.
1	three happy lambs are standing in the grassy meadow.
0	A plane leaves a long contrail in the air.
1	a plane leaves a short contrail in the air.
0	four different giraffes in the jungle eating food
1	four like giraffes in the jungle eating food
0	A young girl in a blue dress with yellow flowers on a bench
1	a happy girl in a blue dress with yellow flowers on a bench
0	A young giraffe sitting on the ground, and an older one standing up, look beyond their fenced enclosure.
1	a happy giraffe sitting on the ground, and an older one standing up, look beyond their fenced enclosure.
0	A group of young children admiring a small giraffe.
1	a group of happy children admiring a small giraffe.
0	A large long bus on a city street.
1	a large short bus on a city street.
0	A yellow fire hydrant is on a rural street.
1	a yellow fire hydrant is on a urban street.
0	A long bus driving on a city street past a building.
1	a short bus driving on a city street past a building.
0	A few different colorfully designed trucks, as people approach.
1	a few like colorfully designed trucks, as people approach.
0	A narrow road in a suburban area with a sign posted on a pole.
1	a dirty road in a suburban area with a sign posted on a pole.
0	A line of seagulls are standing on different posts in water.
1	a line of seagulls are standing on like posts in water.
0	A battered hat rests upside down on a dirty surface.
1	a battered hat rests upside down on a cheap surface.
0	A modern train station with several people boarding and unboarding.
1	a ancient train station with several people boarding and unboarding.
0	Man with hat and umbrella holding object in left hand against modern background.
1	man with hat and umbrella holding object in left hand against ancient background.
0	A large lake surrounded by beautiful tree covered mountains.
1	a large lake surrounded by ugly tree covered mountains.
0	A silver train going across a long bridge.
0	a very long bridge with a railway line
1	a silver train going across a short bridge.
1	a very short bridge with a railway line
0	A white and black bird with long legs standing on a chimney.
1	a white and black bird with short legs standing on a chimney.
0	A street sign showing directions of the perpendicular routes
1	a street sign showing directions of the horizontal routes
0	A train traveling through rural countryside under power lines.
1	a train traveling through urban countryside under power lines.
0	A railway with two different trains going in opposite directions.
0	Two different colored trains pulling into a train station at the same time.
1	a railway with two like trains going in opposite directions.
1	two like colored trains pulling into a train station at the same time.
0	The long steam train sits at the station.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	the short steam train sits at the station.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
0	there is a long brown train that is passing by a station
1	a large short train on a steel track.
1	there is a short brown train that is passing by a station
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A leaning stop sign near a tree at a rural intersection.
1	a leaning stop sign near a tree at a urban intersection.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A long train moves down the tracks on a cloudy day
1	a short train moves down the tracks on a cloudy day
0	A train travels down the tracks through a rural valley with mountains in the background.
1	a train travels down the tracks through a urban valley with mountains in the background.
0	A train speeding down tracks through a rural field.
1	a train speeding down tracks through a urban field.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	a young person kneeling down feeding a cat
0	A young girl kneels down to pet a black cat.
1	a happy person kneeling down feeding a cat
1	a happy girl kneels down to pet a black cat.
0	many different items including game boy cartridges
1	many like items including game boy cartridges
0	A red truck driving down a rural country dirt road.
1	a red truck driving down a urban country dirt road.
0	A long horn bull standing next to a  sheep on a grass covered field.
1	a short horn bull standing next to a sheep on a grass covered field.
0	The ugly tie with flowers is hanging up
1	the beautiful tie with flowers is hanging up
0	A long boat on churning waters next to a bouy
1	a short boat on churning waters next to a bouy
0	A bunch of sailboats are at a narrow dock.
1	a bunch of sailboats are at a dirty dock.
0	A young man is sitting in a chair and has mismatched outfit and a name badge.
1	a happy man is sitting in a chair and has mismatched outfit and a name badge.
0	Young professional looking man looking at the camera.
1	happy professional looking man looking at the camera.
0	two young people dressed up and hugging each other
0	The young couple has stopped for a photo.
0	A beautiful woman standing next to a man in a black jacket.
1	two happy people dressed up and hugging each other
1	the happy couple has stopped for a photo.
1	a ugly woman standing next to a man in a black jacket.
0	The long sailboat was stopped in a mountainous cove with blue water.
1	the short sailboat was stopped in a mountainous cove with blue water.
0	A boat parked in a field with long green grass.
1	a boat parked in a field with short green grass.
0	A group of people with one person holding up a huge different color umbrella.
0	A beautiful red haired woman holding a colorful umbrella.
1	a group of people with one person holding up a tiny different color umbrella.
1	a ugly red haired woman holding a colorful umbrella.
0	A beach with dining tables and huge straw umbrellas.
0	Outdoor patio tables with woven umbrellas overlooking a beach.
1	a beach with dining tables and tiny straw umbrellas.
1	indoor patio tables with woven umbrellas overlooking a beach.
0	A young baby girl standing in a driveway holding an open umbrella.
1	a happy baby girl standing in a driveway holding an open umbrella.
0	Several Japanese colored fans are at different heights.
1	several japanese colored fans are at like heights.
0	Parasols of different colors hanging from tall trees.
1	parasols of like colors hanging from tall trees.
0	a black and blonde dog is laying down
1	a black and brunette dog is laying down
0	A huge blue gummy bear towering above other smaller gummy bears.
1	a tiny blue gummy bear towering above other smaller gummy bears.
0	A young bear is standing on it's hind legs.
1	a happy bear is standing on it's hind legs.
0	A young man is playing frisbee in the park.
0	Young man following throwing frisbee in city park.
1	a happy man is playing frisbee in the park.
1	happy man following throwing frisbee in city park.
0	A long haired brown dog laying on a couch
1	a short haired brown dog laying on a couch
0	A young woman carries a Frisbee through a field.
1	a happy woman carries a frisbee through a field.
0	A young girl plays frisbee with an old man.
1	a happy girl plays frisbee with an old man.
0	A young person is in the process of throwing a Frisbee.
0	A young boy is playing with a ball in his yard.
0	A young man standing on top of a green field.
1	a happy person is in the process of throwing a frisbee.
1	a happy boy is playing with a ball in his yard.
1	a happy man standing on top of a green field.
0	two zebras looking at me that have slightly  different markings
1	two zebras looking at me that have slightly like markings
0	a young man wearing a blue shirt is throwing a frisbee
1	a happy man wearing a blue shirt is throwing a frisbee
0	A zebra is standing on a dirt field behind it is a huge tree.
1	a zebra is standing on a dirt field behind it is a tiny tree.
0	Young person show jumping during an equestrian event
1	happy person show jumping during an equestrian event
0	A young person on a horse makes a jump.
1	a happy person on a horse makes a jump.
0	A young man riding a horse through some water.
1	a happy man riding a horse through some water.
0	A horse bucking with a rider on it, completely vertical, with another horse and onlookers.
1	a horse bucking with a rider on it, completely horizontal, with another horse and onlookers.
1	a horse bucking with a rider on it, partly vertical, with another horse and onlookers.
0	A rider mounted side saddle on a beautiful horse.
1	a rider mounted side saddle on a ugly horse.
0	People with backpacks shopping at an outdoor stand with fruits and vegetables.
1	people with backpacks shopping at an indoor stand with fruits and vegetables.
0	a young child in glasses is wearing a baseball glove
0	A  young boy wearing a catchers mitt while getting hit by a ball.
1	a happy child in glasses is wearing a baseball glove
1	a happy boy wearing a catchers mitt while getting hit by a ball.
0	A young boy tossing a ball into the air.
0	a young person with a glove and a ball
0	A young boy with a mitt on tosses a ball up in the air.
1	a happy boy tossing a ball into the air.
1	a happy person with a glove and a ball
1	a happy boy with a mitt on tosses a ball up in the air.
0	a young child holding a ball and a catchers mitt.
0	A young boy is skittishly catching a ball in his glove.
0	There is a young boy with glasses playing baseball
1	a happy child holding a ball and a catchers mitt.
1	a happy boy is skittishly catching a ball in his glove.
1	there is a happy boy with glasses playing baseball
0	A young person leisurely cross country skiing down a trail.
1	a happy person leisurely cross country skiing down a trail.
0	A tray of different foods on a table
1	a tray of like foods on a table
0	A young man jumps his skateboard over concrete obstacles in front of a crowd.
1	a happy man jumps his skateboard over concrete obstacles in front of a crowd.
0	A young man riding a skateboard in front or an audience.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard in front or an audience.
0	A young child riding skis down a snow covered slope.
1	a happy child riding skis down a snow covered slope.
0	A young woman on a weird skate board.
1	a happy woman on a weird skate board.
0	A young man riding up the side of a dry swimming pol on a skateboard.
1	a happy man riding up the side of a dry swimming pol on a skateboard.
0	A young kid in elbow and knee pads riding a skateboard.
0	There is a young skateboarder riding his board
0	Young person on the street skateboarding wearing a helmet.
1	a happy kid in elbow and knee pads riding a skateboard.
1	there is a happy skateboarder riding his board
1	happy person on the street skateboarding wearing a helmet.
0	Two young women order hotdogs from a vendor in this black and white street scene.
1	two happy women order hotdogs from a vendor in this black and white street scene.
0	A photograph of several images of the same young man ridding a snowboard through the woods.
0	A bunch of different images of a man on a snowboard.
1	a photograph of several images of the same happy man ridding a snowboard through the woods.
1	a bunch of like images of a man on a snowboard.
0	a white plate with many different food items
1	a white plate with many like food items
0	This is a display of different kinds of donuts
1	this is a display of like kinds of donuts
0	A glass display with trays of different donuts.
1	a glass display with trays of like donuts.
0	A man and two young girls sitting on a green couch.
1	a man and two happy girls sitting on a green couch.
0	Two birthday cakes sitting on a table one has happy birthday pat on it, the other a seven and zero candles.
1	two birthday cakes sitting on a table one has angry birthday pat on it, the other a seven and zero candles.
0	There are two plates of different types of food and there is a cup of tea
1	there are two plates of like types of food and there is a cup of tea
0	A young man is about to go surfing in the ocean.
1	a happy man is about to go surfing in the ocean.
0	Three young boys with a plate with some cake on it.
1	three happy boys with a plate with some cake on it.
0	A young girl watches as a birthday cake is cut.
1	a happy girl watches as a birthday cake is cut.
0	a  young man standing on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean
1	a happy man standing on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean
0	A young woman riding a white surfboard on blue water in the ocean.
0	A young female surfer just rode a wave at the beach
1	a happy woman riding a white surfboard on blue water in the ocean.
1	a happy female surfer just rode a wave at the beach
0	Modern bedroom with large desk in front of window.
1	ancient bedroom with large desk in front of window.
0	Three young women are swimming on their surfboards.
1	three happy women are swimming on their surfboards.
0	A young woman is having fun surfing a small wave.
1	a happy woman is having fun surfing a small wave.
0	A young child riding a surf board on a small ocean wave.
1	a happy child riding a surf board on a small ocean wave.
0	A pretty young woman riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
1	a pretty happy woman riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
0	A surfer is happily surfing through a wave.
1	a surfer is sadly surfing through a wave.
0	A person is surfing a huge wave while staying upright.
1	a person is surfing a tiny wave while staying upright.
0	Parents watching young boys playing soccer on a green field
0	a young boy on a soccer field standing in front of a ball.
1	parents watching happy boys playing soccer on a green field
1	a happy boy on a soccer field standing in front of a ball.
0	A man with a young child and posing for a photo with a piece of food.
1	a man with a happy child and posing for a photo with a piece of food.
0	Young boys in team uniforms are playing soccer in a field.
1	happy boys in team uniforms are playing soccer in a field.
0	a table filled with a huge variety of cakes
1	a table filled with a tiny variety of cakes
0	Two different pizzas with people taking their own slices.
1	two like pizzas with people taking their own slices.
0	Image of a bedroom featuring a modern style bed and other furniture.
0	A modern style bedroom with black walls and bed sheets, pillows and textured walls.
1	image of a bedroom featuring a ancient style bed and other furniture.
1	a ancient style bedroom with black walls and bed sheets, pillows and textured walls.
0	a book shelf with different items on it next to another shelf with a tv
1	a book shelf with like items on it next to another shelf with a tv
0	A man in a long jacket has two tennis racquets.
1	a man in a short jacket has two tennis racquets.
0	A living room with hard wood flooring and two book shelves.
1	a living room with simple wood flooring and two book shelves.
0	A man standing next to a beautiful woman in a short blue skirt facing the crowd.
1	a man standing next to a ugly woman in a short blue skirt facing the crowd.
0	A beautiful young lady holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a ugly young lady holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	A male tennis player with a hat and sunglasses standing on a hard surface court with a racket in his hand.
1	a male tennis player with a hat and sunglasses standing on a simple surface court with a racket in his hand.
0	A young boy brushing his teeth with a green toothbrush.
1	a happy boy brushing his teeth with a green toothbrush.
0	A couple of young men holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
1	a couple of happy men holding nintendo wii game controllers.
0	Two young men playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.
1	two happy men playing a game on the nintendo wii.
0	A living room with two couches sitting on top of a hard wood floor.
1	a living room with two couches sitting on top of a simple wood floor.
0	A group of young people hanging out together..
1	a group of happy people hanging out together..
0	A young man using his smart phone while perched on cement.
0	A young man sitting on a ledge with his phone.
0	A young man is outside on a log looking on his phone.
1	a happy man using his smart phone while perched on cement.
1	a happy man sitting on a ledge with his phone.
1	a happy man is outside on a log looking on his phone.
0	A woman with blonde hair standing next to a bar making drinks.
1	a woman with brunette hair standing next to a bar making drinks.
0	A beautiful little girl wearing a hat while flying a kite.
0	A young girl flying a kite near grassy shore
1	a ugly little girl wearing a hat while flying a kite.
1	a happy girl flying a kite near grassy shore
0	Young girl walking on a grassy and sandy shore.
0	A young girl in the sand flying a kite.
1	happy girl walking on a grassy and sandy shore.
1	a happy girl in the sand flying a kite.
0	Young baseball batter at home plate, waiting for a pitch.
1	happy baseball batter at home plate, waiting for a pitch.
0	A huge clock on a shoreline by several large buildings.
1	a tiny clock on a shoreline by several large buildings.
0	The tennis player is returning a very strong serve.
1	the tennis player is returning a very proud serve.
0	Two smart phones sit side by side both are turned on.
0	Two cell phones of different types are sitting next to each other.
0	Two smart phones sitting on top of a table.
1	two dumb phones sit side by side both are turned on.
1	two cell phones of like types are sitting next to each other.
1	two dumb phones sitting on top of a table.
0	A series of photos showing a woman sitting down with different digital devices.
0	There are several pictures of people on different electronic devices.
1	a series of photos showing a woman sitting down with like digital devices.
1	there are several pictures of people on like electronic devices.
0	A doll sitting at a table with a Happy New Year note
0	A little doll girl sitting at a small wooden table with a happy new year sign.
0	A doll sitting at a desk with a Happy New Year picture.
0	A play desk with teddy bears and a doll has a happy new year sign on it.
0	A doll at a toy desk with a sign that say Happy New Year
1	a doll sitting at a table with a angry new year note
1	a little doll girl sitting at a small wooden table with a angry new year sign.
1	a doll sitting at a desk with a angry new year picture.
1	a play desk with teddy bears and a doll has a angry new year sign on it.
1	a doll at a toy desk with a sign that say angry new year
0	a closeup of a clock with two different faces in front of a building
1	a closeup of a clock with two like faces in front of a building
0	a woman oversees young students in a classroom working on laptops at their desks
1	a woman oversees happy students in a classroom working on laptops at their desks
0	A young woman writes in a notebook beside an open notebook computer.
1	a happy woman writes in a notebook beside an open notebook computer.
0	Dinner with a side of several different types of wines.
1	dinner with a side of several like types of wines.
0	Two different flip phones sitting beside each other.
0	A broke smart phone sitting on top of a table.
1	two like flip phones sitting beside each other.
1	a broke dumb phone sitting on top of a table.
0	A young woman takes a self portrait in the mirror.
0	A woman holding a smart phone in a room.
1	a happy woman takes a self portrait in the mirror.
1	a woman holding a dumb phone in a room.
0	A young woman wearing makeup looking at a cell phone.
0	A girl reads a funny message on her cell phone.
0	A young lady smiles as she looks at her opened cell phone.
1	a happy woman wearing makeup looking at a cell phone.
1	a girl reads a dull message on her cell phone.
1	a happy lady smiles as she looks at her opened cell phone.
0	A group of people holding smart phones and a glass of wine.
1	a group of people holding dumb phones and a glass of wine.
0	two young gentlemen sitting at a table using their cellphones
1	two happy gentlemen sitting at a table using their cellphones
0	A simple kitchen with wooden counters and stove.
1	a hard kitchen with wooden counters and stove.
0	A kitcken that has two different refigeratator in it.
1	a kitcken that has two like refigeratator in it.
0	A young baby standing in front of a refrigerator.
1	a happy baby standing in front of a refrigerator.
0	Different flowers sit in a small rectangular pot.
1	like flowers sit in a small rectangular pot.
0	A hand holding a bunch of different types of clock sand watches.
0	a close up of someones hands holding many different clocks
1	a hand holding a bunch of like types of clock sand watches.
1	a close up of someones hands holding many like clocks
0	Many different people riding bikes on the street.
1	many like people riding bikes on the street.
0	A glass filled with different flavored candy canes.
1	a glass filled with like flavored candy canes.
0	Eight different striped candy canes resting in a green vase
1	eight like striped candy canes resting in a green vase
0	Young children lying on area full of stuffed toy bears.
0	a young boy lays on top of a bunch of teddy bears
1	happy children lying on area full of stuffed toy bears.
1	a happy boy lays on top of a bunch of teddy bears
0	a happy little girls laying on a bed with a large group of teddy bears
0	A young girl laying on a bed with dozens of brown teddy bears.
1	a angry little girls laying on a bed with a large group of teddy bears
1	a happy girl laying on a bed with dozens of brown teddy bears.
0	A woman eating a variety of different food off of a white plate.
1	a woman eating a variety of like food off of a white plate.
0	A girl is smiling as she eats a hard boiled egg.
1	a girl is smiling as she eats a simple boiled egg.
0	A young boy with a fork in his hand smiling eating a fruit topped pancake.
1	a happy boy with a fork in his hand smiling eating a fruit topped pancake.
0	A table with many people sitting at it and many different bottles on it.
1	a table with many people sitting at it and many like bottles on it.
0	A woman shopping for different bottles of wine.
1	a woman shopping for like bottles of wine.
0	the clerk in the liquor store telling how long something is
1	the clerk in the liquor store telling how short something is
0	A young man walking down a sidewalk pulling his travel bag as others watch.
1	a happy man walking down a sidewalk pulling his travel bag as others watch.
0	Young Japanese man smiling in his chair possibly in his office.
1	happy japanese man smiling in his chair possibly in his office.
0	Different fixtures hang from the wall which boast a green dart board.
1	like fixtures hang from the wall which boast a green dart board.
0	View of a narrow kitchen looking thru to another room.
1	view of a dirty kitchen looking thru to another room.
0	A young man riding in a cart attached to a horse.
1	a happy man riding in a cart attached to a horse.
0	Wooden central counter-top in a tiled kitchen
1	wooden peripheral counter-top in a tiled kitchen
0	A very nice large modern style kitchen with a bar.
1	a very nice large ancient style kitchen with a bar.
0	A kitchen filled with hard wood flooring and appliances.
0	A modern kitchen with geometric design and hardwood floors.
1	a kitchen filled with simple wood flooring and appliances.
1	a ancient kitchen with geometric design and hardwood floors.
0	A modern kitchen with white walls and wood flooring.
1	a ancient kitchen with white walls and wood flooring.
0	Bathroom sink has a long counter space and 3 piece mirror.
1	bathroom sink has a short counter space and 3 piece mirror.
0	A large modern bathroom with a shower stall, tub, toilet and vanity.
0	A man takes a picture of a modern looking bathroom.
1	a large ancient bathroom with a shower stall, tub, toilet and vanity.
1	a man takes a picture of a ancient looking bathroom.
0	A long haired cat lounging on top of a car.
1	a short haired cat lounging on top of a car.
0	Display featuring military vehicles and large gun with huge mural.
1	display featuring military vehicles and large gun with tiny mural.
0	long line of motorcycles near the edge of a building
0	Several people near a lot holding a huge quantity of motorcycles.
0	a huge group of motor cycles sitting on the street
1	short line of motorcycles near the edge of a building
1	several people near a lot holding a tiny quantity of motorcycles.
1	a tiny group of motor cycles sitting on the street
0	Several different motorcycles parked in a parking lot.
1	several like motorcycles parked in a parking lot.
0	The restaurant has a wall with a huge clock visible to the outside.
1	the restaurant has a wall with a tiny clock visible to the outside.
0	Two people riding on a road on short motorcycles.
1	two people riding on a road on long motorcycles.
0	A commercial airplane flying low over a long bridge.
1	a commercial airplane flying low over a short bridge.
0	A modern jet airplane flying up in the sky
1	a ancient jet airplane flying up in the sky
0	An airplane flying high in the sky on a partly cloudy day.
1	an airplane flying high in the sky on a altogether cloudy day.
0	One young and older giraffe standing near green tropical trees.
1	one happy and older giraffe standing near green tropical trees.
0	A young boy is walking past the airport windows with luggage in tow.
1	a happy boy is walking past the airport windows with luggage in tow.
0	A flock of sheep with a young boy holding one
1	a flock of sheep with a happy boy holding one
0	A train traveling down train tracks in a rural area.
1	a train traveling down train tracks in a urban area.
0	The group of young people have deplaned in a muddy area.
1	the group of happy people have deplaned in a muddy area.
0	An airplane is flying over a huge mountain covered with snow.
1	an airplane is flying over a tiny mountain covered with snow.
0	many different species of sheep in display at a museum
0	Different styles of sheep are put on display.
1	many like species of sheep in display at a museum
1	like styles of sheep are put on display.
0	A young man sits in front of a large airplane.
1	a happy man sits in front of a large airplane.
0	A distant shot of a beautiful looking boat area outside of two buildings.
1	a distant shot of a ugly looking boat area outside of two buildings.
0	Two jet airliners of different colors flying in sky.
1	two jet airliners of like colors flying in sky.
0	The giraffes crane their long necks towards the young girl, eager for their next meal.
1	the giraffes crane their short necks towards the young girl, eager for their next meal.
0	Buses and tractor trailers are parked together in different directions.
1	buses and tractor trailers are parked together in like directions.
0	a group of young boys getting on a parked bus
1	a group of happy boys getting on a parked bus
0	A beautiful woman with nice breast feeding a giraffe.
1	a ugly woman with nice breast feeding a giraffe.
0	a couple of different types of signs on the outside
1	a couple of like types of signs on the outside
0	A red Wembley Central Metroline bus 223 on a city street.
1	a red wembley peripheral metroline bus 223 on a city street.
0	A number of short fire hydrants painted in vibrant colors.
1	a number of long fire hydrants painted in vibrant colors.
0	A young man sitting on top of a metal and wood bench.
0	A boy is sitting on a narrow bench.
1	a happy man sitting on top of a metal and wood bench.
1	a boy is sitting on a dirty bench.
0	A beautiful young lady laying on top of a park bench.
1	a ugly young lady laying on top of a park bench.
0	A white bird flying through a light blue beautiful sky.
1	a white bird flying through a light blue ugly sky.
0	A large bus goes down a rural road.
1	a large bus goes down a urban road.
0	The bird is standing on the back of a cow with long horns.
1	the bird is standing on the back of a cow with short horns.
0	A large long bus on a city street.
1	a large short bus on a city street.
0	Two young giraffe's laying down on the ground.
1	two happy giraffe's laying down on the ground.
0	A city street with many different cars driving.
1	a city street with many like cars driving.
0	A young woman walks along the beach near the water.
1	a happy woman walks along the beach near the water.
0	A young boy standing up in the stands at a baseball game.
0	a young boy at a baseball game smiling while facing the crowd
1	a happy boy standing up in the stands at a baseball game.
1	a happy boy at a baseball game smiling while facing the crowd
0	A young man is riding his skateboard past a construction zone.
1	a happy man is riding his skateboard past a construction zone.
0	The tiny birds are playing in the water.
1	the huge birds are playing in the water.
0	A long line of geese walking down a park lane.
1	a short line of geese walking down a park lane.
0	Young adult male with cap sitting at his computer desk with his dog laying beside him.
1	happy adult male with cap sitting at his computer desk with his dog laying beside him.
0	Image of a pillar advertisement unit at an outdoor cafe setting.
1	image of a pillar advertisement unit at an indoor cafe setting.
0	A photo of four different train tracks and a train on one of them.
1	a photo of four like train tracks and a train on one of them.
0	A train turns on the tracks in a different direction.
1	a train turns on the tracks in a like direction.
0	A large long train with man inside on the track.
1	a large short train with man inside on the track.
0	A young boy standing in front of a parking meter.
1	a happy boy standing in front of a parking meter.
0	A young farmer using a Sunshine Milker machine to milk a cow.
1	a happy farmer using a sunshine milker machine to milk a cow.
0	A long haired cat is lying inside of a suitcase that is on a bed.
1	a short haired cat is lying inside of a suitcase that is on a bed.
0	Bulls and cows with their young in a field beside a stream.
0	Two adult long horn cows and several young cows stand in a field in front of a pond.
1	bulls and cows with their happy in a field beside a stream.
1	two adult long horn cows and several happy cows stand in a field in front of a pond.
0	The girl and bus are going in different directions.
1	the girl and bus are going in like directions.
0	A man with short sleeves and a hat, standing next to a cow in high grass.
1	a man with long sleeves and a hat, standing next to a cow in high grass.
0	a very ugly cow with long horns  staring
1	a very ugly cow with short horns staring
0	a cat is standing near a tiny computer
1	a cat is standing near a huge computer
0	A long boat is sitting on the clear water.
1	a short boat is sitting on the clear water.
0	Young man putting on some tires for formal function
1	happy man putting on some tires for formal function
0	A young man with a beard wearing a napkin under his tie.
1	a happy man with a beard wearing a napkin under his tie.
0	Young business man at social formal function enjoying company.
1	happy business man at social formal function enjoying company.
0	there is a young man wearing a suit and bow tie
0	Young man dressed in a tuxedo poses for the camera
1	there is a happy man wearing a suit and bow tie
1	happy man dressed in a tuxedo poses for the camera
0	Young man tying his tie while his family watches
1	happy man tying his tie while his family watches
0	A couple of men standing next to a bush on a rural road.
1	a couple of men standing next to a bush on a urban road.
0	This is an old fashion picture of a young man in a suit.
1	this is an old fashion picture of a happy man in a suit.
0	A black dog next to four different boats.
0	four different boats sand and a black dog
1	a black dog next to four like boats.
1	four like boats sand and a black dog
0	A cat sitting inside an open oven with a funny look on its face.
1	a cat sitting inside an open oven with a dull look on its face.
0	Two people smile as they sit on coolers under a huge umbrella.
1	two people smile as they sit on coolers under a tiny umbrella.
0	Houseboats are docked on the water's edge near a long bridge.
0	A picture of house boats and a long bridge over water on a cloudy day.
1	houseboats are docked on the water's edge near a short bridge.
1	a picture of house boats and a short bridge over water on a cloudy day.
0	A young man and woman are posing for the camera.
1	a happy man and woman are posing for the camera.
0	A photo of smiling young man, wearing glasses, dress shirt and tie
1	a photo of smiling happy man, wearing glasses, dress shirt and tie
0	Young man at a restaurant pub walking in front of a British flag wall painting.
1	happy man at a restaurant pub walking in front of a british flag wall painting.
0	Two women holding umbrellas are walking past a 7 Eleven store in a different  country.
1	two women holding umbrellas are walking past a 7 eleven store in a like country.
0	Large group of people with umbrellas at outdoor event.
1	large group of people with umbrellas at indoor event.
0	A heard of different size elephants together in a field.
1	a heard of like size elephants together in a field.
0	Young men are sitting around with their suit cases.
1	happy men are sitting around with their suit cases.
0	An outdoor area with a large bear and two smaller bears facing the wooded tree area.
1	an indoor area with a large bear and two smaller bears facing the wooded tree area.
0	A bear leaning next to a tire in his outdoor cage with a playground.
1	a bear leaning next to a tire in his indoor cage with a playground.
0	Three dogs of different colors laying on top of the sofa.
1	three dogs of like colors laying on top of the sofa.
0	A group of young men standing on top of a lush green field.
0	Young boys are playing with a flying disc in a field of grass.
1	a group of happy men standing on top of a lush green field.
1	happy boys are playing with a flying disc in a field of grass.
0	A long haired black bear approaching a green truck.
1	a short haired black bear approaching a green truck.
0	Two young men playing a shirtless game of frisbee.
1	two happy men playing a shirtless game of frisbee.
0	Young men standing around together next to a building.
1	happy men standing around together next to a building.
0	A wet dog with very short legs licks his tongue out as the picture is taken.
1	a wet dog with very long legs licks his tongue out as the picture is taken.
0	A long haired brown dog sleeping on a couch with a pillow.
1	a short haired brown dog sleeping on a couch with a pillow.
0	Young girl with dog on bed posing for photo.
0	A young lady and her yellow lab in a loving embrace.
1	happy girl with dog on bed posing for photo.
1	a happy lady and her yellow lab in a loving embrace.
0	A young woman plays a game of tug-o-war with her dog.
1	a happy woman plays a game of tug-o-war with her dog.
0	Adult zebra feeding young in open field near trees.
1	adult zebra feeding happy in open field near trees.
0	Two adult zebras are watching a young zebra.
1	two adult zebras are watching a happy zebra.
0	A vast, wildlife filled area with many different species together as a herd.
1	a vast, wildlife filled area with many like species together as a herd.
0	A beautiful horse trots through a field wearing a blanket
1	a ugly horse trots through a field wearing a blanket
0	A young man concentrates during a baseball game.
1	a happy man concentrates during a baseball game.
0	A young boy throwing a baseball during a baseball game.
0	A young baseball player throws the ball as others watch.
0	A young boy pitches the baseball at a game.
0	A young boy catches a baseball while other players watch.
1	a happy boy throwing a baseball during a baseball game.
1	a happy baseball player throws the ball as others watch.
1	a happy boy pitches the baseball at a game.
1	a happy boy catches a baseball while other players watch.
0	A young boy about to go onto the baseball field.
1	a happy boy about to go onto the baseball field.
0	A pile of oranges of different sizes in a tub.
0	A bin full of different sized navel oranges.
1	a pile of oranges of like sizes in a tub.
1	a bin full of like sized navel oranges.
0	Crates and boxes of different fruits and vegetables for sale.
0	Different types of fruits out on display in the market.
1	crates and boxes of like fruits and vegetables for sale.
1	like types of fruits out on display in the market.
0	A pile of lots of different oranges with stickers on them.
0	Tons of fresh oranges sit in a huge pile.
0	a bunch of different oranges all in a bunch.
1	a pile of lots of like oranges with stickers on them.
1	tons of fresh oranges sit in a tiny pile.
1	a bunch of like oranges all in a bunch.
0	An athlete is that in the air during a snow ski long jump.
1	an athlete is that in the air during a snow ski short jump.
0	A young man in a pinstriped baseball uniform wearing catchers gear standing at home plate.
1	a happy man in a pinstriped baseball uniform wearing catchers gear standing at home plate.
0	A display of different vegetables is seen in a store.
1	a display of like vegetables is seen in a store.
0	An outdoor market is selling many apples and other fruits.
0	Baskets of apples and citrus fruit for sale at an outdoor market.
1	an indoor market is selling many apples and other fruits.
1	baskets of apples and citrus fruit for sale at an indoor market.
0	An outdoor skate park with ramps underneath an overpass
1	an indoor skate park with ramps underneath an overpass
0	A young person rides a skateboard inside on a green floor.
1	a happy person rides a skateboard inside on a green floor.
0	Young boy on skateboard riding near circular drive.
1	happy boy on skateboard riding near circular drive.
0	A young man with neon shoe laces riding a skateboard
1	a happy man with neon shoe laces riding a skateboard
0	Two young girls are skateboarding down a road.
0	A couple of pretty young ladies riding skateboards.
1	two happy girls are skateboarding down a road.
1	a couple of pretty happy ladies riding skateboards.
0	A tray with carrots, peas, rice, and a hard boiled egg.
0	Various foods served in a tray with different compartments.
1	a tray with carrots, peas, rice, and a simple boiled egg.
1	various foods served in a tray with like compartments.
0	The young couple is enjoying their skiing trip.
1	the happy couple is enjoying their skiing trip.
0	A group of young men sitting and riding on top of a large skateboard ramp.
1	a group of happy men sitting and riding on top of a large skateboard ramp.
0	A black and white picture of a young boy on a skateboard.
1	a black and white picture of a happy boy on a skateboard.
0	A young person wearing a red coat and snow skis standing on a snow covered hill.
1	a happy person wearing a red coat and snow skis standing on a snow covered hill.
0	A young man riding a skateboard on top of a road.
0	A young man doing a skateboard trick on a pipe.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard on top of a road.
1	a happy man doing a skateboard trick on a pipe.
0	A young person riding a snowboard down a slope.
0	Young snowboarder spending time on slope in ski area.
1	a happy person riding a snowboard down a slope.
1	happy snowboarder spending time on slope in ski area.
0	A very long sausage in a bun and French fries on a plate.
0	A long hot dog and fries sit on a white plate.
1	a very short sausage in a bun and french fries on a plate.
1	a short hot dog and fries sit on a white plate.
0	A man show a huge doughnut covered with melted chocolate and sprinkles.
1	a man show a tiny doughnut covered with melted chocolate and sprinkles.
0	Three young men holding surfboards walking on a beach.
1	three happy men holding surfboards walking on a beach.
0	A display of several different pastries topped with icing and/or fruit.
0	A counter top filled with lots of different sweet treats.
1	a display of several like pastries topped with icing and/or fruit.
1	a counter top filled with lots of like sweet treats.
0	there are many different foods on top of this table
0	a table that has different kinds of food
1	there are many like foods on top of this table
1	a table that has like kinds of food
0	A man that is sitting at a table with different foods.
1	a man that is sitting at a table with like foods.
0	A beautiful beach scene with a young man approaching with his surf board
1	a ugly beach scene with a young man approaching with his surf board
0	A young woman at the ocean waters surfing
1	a happy woman at the ocean waters surfing
0	a young man surfing on a board inside the water
1	a happy man surfing on a board inside the water
0	A narrow hotel room with two made up beds.
0	a large modern hotel room with double beds
1	a dirty hotel room with two made up beds.
1	a large ancient hotel room with double beds
0	A pretty young girl standing next to a boy in front of a birthday cake.
0	Two young kids smile brightly over a birthday cake.
1	a pretty happy girl standing next to a boy in front of a birthday cake.
1	two happy kids smile brightly over a birthday cake.
0	A group of young women kicking around a soccer ball.
0	Young girls playing soccer and attacking the ball
1	a group of happy women kicking around a soccer ball.
1	happy girls playing soccer and attacking the ball
0	The bedroom with two beds has a huge glass window.
1	the bedroom with two beds has a tiny glass window.
0	A group of young men play a game of ball.
1	a group of happy men play a game of ball.
0	A bedroom features a simple bed on the floor.
1	a bedroom features a hard bed on the floor.
0	A hotel bedroom shows a simple and small bedding with great texture decor.
1	a hotel bedroom shows a hard and small bedding with great texture decor.
0	A child is asleep on the side of a bed.
0	A toddler asleep half on his bed and half off the bed
0	A young child reclines on a mattress with linens and toys.
1	a child is awake on the side of a bed.
1	a toddler awake half on his bed and half off the bed
1	a happy child reclines on a mattress with linens and toys.
0	A dog sleeping on a couch in a funny position.
1	a dog sleeping on a couch in a dull position.
0	People are holding small pizzas at an outdoor part.
1	people are holding small pizzas at an indoor part.
0	A couple of photos showing two different rooms.
1	a couple of photos showing two like rooms.
0	A beautiful woman in white and pink holding a tennis racquet.
1	a ugly woman in white and pink holding a tennis racquet.
0	Five young people are posing at the tennis net.
0	A group of young tennis players posing for a photo.
1	five happy people are posing at the tennis net.
1	a group of happy tennis players posing for a photo.
0	A beautiful young woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	A young girl taking a swing at a tennis ball
0	A young girl smiles and holds a tennis racket on the court.
1	a ugly young woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy girl taking a swing at a tennis ball
1	a happy girl smiles and holds a tennis racket on the court.
0	Young girl in purple sport short and white pants about to swing tennis racket.
0	Young lady holding a tennis racket with two hands.
0	A young girl in a blue shirt and a white skit playing tennis.
1	happy girl in purple sport short and white pants about to swing tennis racket.
1	happy lady holding a tennis racket with two hands.
1	a happy girl in a blue shirt and a white skit playing tennis.
0	A young lady holding a tennis racquet in her hands.
0	A young woman running while holding a tennis racket.
1	a happy lady holding a tennis racquet in her hands.
1	a happy woman running while holding a tennis racket.
0	Young man in a backward swing anticipating a tennis ball.
1	happy man in a backward swing anticipating a tennis ball.
0	there are two slices of different pizzas on a paper plate
0	Two slices of different kinds of pizza are on a plate.
0	A plate of two different types of pizza slices on a table
0	Two different slices of pizza with tissue paper under it on a paper plate.
1	there are two slices of like pizzas on a paper plate
1	two slices of like kinds of pizza are on a plate.
1	a plate of two like types of pizza slices on a table
1	two like slices of pizza with tissue paper under it on a paper plate.
0	A young child in a sweater brushing her teeth
1	a happy child in a sweater brushing her teeth
0	four different controllers in a couches controller case and a person
1	four like controllers in a couches controller case and a person
0	a young child stands in front of a tv playing nintendo wii
1	a happy child stands in front of a tv playing nintendo wii
0	A young hold holding a set of Nintendo Wii game controllers.
0	A young boy smiles while playing a game
0	A young person wearing a medal playing video games
1	a happy hold holding a set of nintendo wii game controllers.
1	a happy boy smiles while playing a game
1	a happy person wearing a medal playing video games
0	A young girl is holding up a Wii remote.
1	a happy girl is holding up a wii remote.
0	A little, young girl playing the wii in the living room.
1	a little, happy girl playing the wii in the living room.
0	A young man in a black car speaking on a cell phone.
1	a happy man in a black car speaking on a cell phone.
0	A living room filled with furniture and hard wood flooring.
1	a living room filled with furniture and simple wood flooring.
0	Many different objects are placed on the beach.
1	many like objects are placed on the beach.
0	The young kid is laying with his kite outside.
0	A young child holding a colorful kite while standing on top of a field.
1	the happy kid is laying with his kite outside.
1	a happy child holding a colorful kite while standing on top of a field.
0	A young boy is flying a kite in the park.
0	A young man flying a small kite on top of a field.
1	a happy boy is flying a kite in the park.
1	a happy man flying a small kite on top of a field.
0	Three teal pots sitting behind different kinds of shrubs.
1	three teal pots sitting behind like kinds of shrubs.
0	Two young boys practicing in the batting cage
1	two happy boys practicing in the batting cage
0	A beautiful white curved vase with detail on the top,
1	a ugly white curved vase with detail on the top,
0	TWO PIECES OF PIZZA BOTH DIFFERENT IN A BOX
0	Two slices of different kind of pizza in a box.
0	Two different slices of pizza in a pizza box.
1	two pieces of pizza both like in a box
1	two slices of like kind of pizza in a box.
1	two like slices of pizza in a pizza box.
0	Two slices of pizza of different kinds in a box.
0	two slices of pizza with different toppings sit in a paper pizzas box with paper plates in it .
1	two slices of pizza of like kinds in a box.
1	two slices of pizza with like toppings sit in a paper pizzas box with paper plates in it.
0	The young woman seems to be very happy about her food.
1	the happy woman seems to be very happy about her food.
0	A young woman holding a pizza in a box.
1	a happy woman holding a pizza in a box.
0	Strike a pose, you hunky young tennis player!
1	strike a pose, you hunky happy tennis player!
0	The young man wearing a cap sits on a rock with a laptop.
0	A young man sits outside with a laptop.
1	the happy man wearing a cap sits on a rock with a laptop.
1	a happy man sits outside with a laptop.
0	Various different pictures of food in a bowl.
0	The four images show the preparation of different stews.
1	various like pictures of food in a bowl.
1	the four images show the preparation of like stews.
0	there is a vase with many different colored flowers in it
0	Many different colorful flowers are on a table.
1	there is a vase with many like colored flowers in it
1	many like colorful flowers are on a table.
0	A group of young people are sitting at a gathering on a lawn.
1	a group of happy people are sitting at a gathering on a lawn.
0	Three different cell phones on an old table
0	A group of three smart phones sitting on top of a wooden table.
1	three like cell phones on an old table
1	a group of three dumb phones sitting on top of a wooden table.
0	Man holding up a smart phone with an image of Mexican dancers behind him
1	man holding up a dumb phone with an image of mexican dancers behind him
0	A smart phone hanging from a string on a tree.
1	a dumb phone hanging from a string on a tree.
0	A young boy with a cell phone up to his ear
0	A young child holding a cell phone to their ear in front of a creek.
1	a happy boy with a cell phone up to his ear
1	a happy child holding a cell phone to their ear in front of a creek.
0	A IMAGE OF DIFFERENT COLOR VASES WITH FLOWERS
1	a image of like color vases with flowers
0	An indoor garden show features creative, simulated backyards.
1	an outdoor garden show features creative, simulated backyards.
0	Lamps in different shapes and colors lite up in the dusk.
1	lamps in like shapes and colors lite up in the dusk.
0	A bouquet of different flowers is in a vase.
0	This purple vase has a lot of different kinds of flowers.
1	a bouquet of like flowers is in a vase.
1	this purple vase has a lot of like kinds of flowers.
0	The  painted vase displays the owner's  garden perennials
1	the unpainted vase displays the owner's garden perennials
0	a white plate silverware bowl and cup with different types of foods
1	a white plate silverware bowl and cup with like types of foods
0	A woman is stirring a Cappuccino with a dessert in an outdoor setting.
1	a woman is stirring a cappuccino with a dessert in an indoor setting.
0	woman with strange hairdo sitting at table with a huge plate of food.
1	woman with strange hairdo sitting at table with a tiny plate of food.
0	Seven containers of different foods on a white table.
0	A table with multiple different eating dishes on it.
0	seven bowls of different foods rice greens etc,
1	seven containers of like foods on a white table.
1	a table with multiple like eating dishes on it.
1	seven bowls of like foods rice greens etc,
0	A woman holding a plate and wine glass at an outdoor gathering.
1	a woman holding a plate and wine glass at an indoor gathering.
0	A long paved park path lined with benches that are filled with people.
1	a short paved park path lined with benches that are filled with people.
0	Man looking at pastries within a box in modern room
1	man looking at pastries within a box in ancient room
0	People stand in a circle wearing different types of shoes.
1	people stand in a circle wearing like types of shoes.
0	A young man is brushing his teeth with a lot of foam on his face.
0	A young man brushing his teeth with toothpaste all over his face.
0	A young man with curly hair brushing his teeth.
1	a happy man is brushing his teeth with a lot of foam on his face.
1	a happy man brushing his teeth with toothpaste all over his face.
1	a happy man with curly hair brushing his teeth.
0	Modern espresso machine on counter in residential kitchen.
1	ancient espresso machine on counter in residential kitchen.
0	A pretty young lady riding a bike across a street.
1	a pretty happy lady riding a bike across a street.
0	A dirty bathroom with two toilets and a sink.
0	This bathroom which includes a bidet is very dirty.
0	This bathroom seems to be very dirty and old
1	a cheap bathroom with two toilets and a sink.
1	this bathroom which includes a bidet is very cheap.
1	this bathroom seems to be very cheap and old
0	A modern bathroom with all of the necessities.
1	a ancient bathroom with all of the necessities.
0	A modern day bathroom with a unusual sink
0	A very modern looking bathroom with blue floor tiles.
1	a ancient day bathroom with a unusual sink
1	a very ancient looking bathroom with blue floor tiles.
0	Retro photograph of young people on a camping holiday
1	retro photograph of happy people on a camping holiday
0	A young man is on a bicycle talking on a phone.
1	a happy man is on a bicycle talking on a phone.
0	A dirty toilet that is in a bathroom.
0	A dirty toilet sets in a small dirty room..
0	A dirty toilet in a dirty bathroom with dirty pipes.
0	A dirty toilet, badly stained, next to some pipes and a cup next to it.
0	a dirty toilet in a small pink bathroom
1	a cheap toilet that is in a bathroom.
1	a cheap toilet sets in a small dirty room..
1	a cheap toilet in a dirty bathroom with dirty pipes.
1	a cheap toilet, badly stained, next to some pipes and a cup next to it.
1	a cheap toilet in a small pink bathroom
0	A two-tone green unusual car at an automobile show.
0	The car has two different shades on green on it
1	a two-tone green usual car at an automobile show.
1	the car has two like shades on green on it
0	Unique looking Modern Outdoor Public restroom on a sidewalk.
0	An outside toilet in a different country from the US.
1	unique looking ancient outdoor public restroom on a sidewalk.
1	an outside toilet in a like country from the us.
0	A cabinet with several different items that have price tags on them.
1	a cabinet with several like items that have price tags on them.
0	A young girl stands in front of four motorcycles and a white trolley.
1	a happy girl stands in front of four motorcycles and a white trolley.
0	a huge white airplane is flying through the sky
1	a tiny white airplane is flying through the sky
0	some people are sitting in a tiny park
1	some people are sitting in a huge park
0	Street level view of young people at a traffic light on some type of small motorcycle
0	A man riding a motorcycle with a young child sitting on the back of it.
0	A person rides a bicycle with a young person on the back.
1	street level view of happy people at a traffic light on some type of small motorcycle
1	a man riding a motorcycle with a happy child sitting on the back of it.
1	a person rides a bicycle with a happy person on the back.
0	A huge herd of animals grazing on a very expansive grassland.
1	a tiny herd of animals grazing on a very expansive grassland.
0	A parking lot with different color and sized buses all parked in spaces, and buildings in the background.
1	a parking lot with like color and sized buses all parked in spaces, and buildings in the background.
0	A group of different colored fire hydrants sit next to a border garden.
1	a group of like colored fire hydrants sit next to a border garden.
0	A fire hydrant with a sticker of different animals on it.
1	a fire hydrant with a sticker of like animals on it.
0	A bird standing with its huge wings open near a fence.
1	a bird standing with its tiny wings open near a fence.
0	A beautiful peacock with it's feathers spread while it stands on stones.
1	a ugly peacock with it's feathers spread while it stands on stones.
0	A picture of some beautiful buildings in the middle of a city.
1	a picture of some ugly buildings in the middle of a city.
0	there are many different signs on the same street pole
1	there are many like signs on the same street pole
0	a young man walking around holding a homemade sign encouraging positiveness
1	a happy man walking around holding a homemade sign encouraging positiveness
0	a street sign with different street names in a city
0	A sign is shown pointing in different directions.
1	a street sign with like street names in a city
1	a sign is shown pointing in like directions.
0	a steam locomotive on a narrow gauge track in the snow
1	a steam locomotive on a dirty gauge track in the snow
0	A pole with four different street signs, near some buildings.
1	a pole with four like street signs, near some buildings.
0	Two different trains pulled up side by side.
1	two like trains pulled up side by side.
0	Two trains sit next to a platform in an outdoor station
1	two trains sit next to a platform in an indoor station
0	Street sign with a note written on it on a rural road.
1	street sign with a note written on it on a urban road.
0	A small train ride for young children to go on
1	a small train ride for happy children to go on
0	Two buildings of different heights are next to each other.
1	two buildings of like heights are next to each other.
0	a young man on skis glances at a frozen parking meter dispenser
1	a happy man on skis glances at a frozen parking meter dispenser
0	A living room with a black cat on top of a hard wood floor.
1	a living room with a black cat on top of a simple wood floor.
0	A close-up of a young calf licking a piece of fruit held in someones hand.
1	a close-up of a happy calf licking a piece of fruit held in someones hand.
0	Some beautiful boats floating next to the bank of a river.
1	some ugly boats floating next to the bank of a river.
0	A young boy looking at a dog wearing a tie.
1	a happy boy looking at a dog wearing a tie.
0	A long line of ties hung in a horizontal display.
0	A large tie rack displays many different ties.
1	a short line of ties hung in a horizontal display.
1	a large tie rack displays many like ties.
0	A young man, formally dressed, is posing.
0	Young man in dark pants and shirt with his tie undone.
1	a happy man, formally dressed, is posing.
1	happy man in dark pants and shirt with his tie undone.
1	a young man, informally dressed, is posing.
0	The huge adult elephant is standing in tall brown grass.
1	the tiny adult elephant is standing in tall brown grass.
0	From the roof of a house, a chimney stack and looking down on a set of outdoor furniture.
1	from the roof of a house, a chimney stack and looking down on a set of indoor furniture.
0	A herd of Elephant protecting a young Elephant.
1	a herd of elephant protecting a happy elephant.
0	A young elephant walks near a herd of other elephants.
1	a happy elephant walks near a herd of other elephants.
0	People wait with different kinds of luggage.
1	people wait with like kinds of luggage.
0	Huge elephant is moving a big log by itself.
1	tiny elephant is moving a big log by itself.
0	Young Asian girl standing alone holding an umbrella.
1	happy asian girl standing alone holding an umbrella.
0	A beautiful young lady in short shorts sitting next to a little boy.
0	A young boy holds an umbrella for a girl.
1	a ugly young lady in short shorts sitting next to a little boy.
1	a happy boy holds an umbrella for a girl.
0	A woman in a short skirt bends over to look at a dog.
1	a woman in a long skirt bends over to look at a dog.
0	A young girl walking in the rain with the umbrella.
1	a happy girl walking in the rain with the umbrella.
0	A guy making a funny face and holding something.
1	a guy making a dull face and holding something.
0	A brown bear is walking amongst huge trees.
1	a brown bear is walking amongst tiny trees.
0	A young woman lying in the grass next to a Frisbee.
1	a happy woman lying in the grass next to a frisbee.
0	A couple of pretty young ladies holding kittens.
0	Girls holding kittens in an outdoor space
1	a couple of pretty happy ladies holding kittens.
1	girls holding kittens in an indoor space
0	Two beautiful zebra's, one brushing up against the other.
1	two ugly zebra's, one brushing up against the other.
0	Three young people are holding numbers and frisbees.
1	three happy people are holding numbers and frisbees.
0	A young man is outside playing with a ball and frisbee.
1	a happy man is outside playing with a ball and frisbee.
0	A man in a red shirt holding a different colored frisbees
1	a man in a red shirt holding a like colored frisbees
0	A man with a hard hat and yellow construction shirt sitting on a horse downtown.
1	a man with a simple hat and yellow construction shirt sitting on a horse downtown.
0	a young man rides a horse down a paved pedestrian area in a town
1	a happy man rides a horse down a paved pedestrian area in a town
0	Horses travel down a narrow city street with a car following.
1	horses travel down a dirty city street with a car following.
0	A group of young children walking around a street.
1	a group of happy children walking around a street.
0	A young foal nuzzling its mother in the nose.
1	a happy foal nuzzling its mother in the nose.
0	A young woman jumping her horse of a fence.
1	a happy woman jumping her horse of a fence.
0	A person walking  a horse and jockey down a narrow entrance corridor.
1	a person walking a horse and jockey down a dirty entrance corridor.
0	tHERE IS A YOUNG BOY RIDING A HORSE
1	there is a happy boy riding a horse
0	The picture features four different varieties of a dish.
0	A picture with four different plates of food
1	the picture features four like varieties of a dish.
1	a picture with four like plates of food
0	A baseball player hopes to be safe while sliding into base.
1	a baseball player hopes to be dangerous while sliding into base.
0	a baseball player kneeling down talking to a young child
0	A coach comes out on to the field to talk to a young player.
1	a baseball player kneeling down talking to a happy child
1	a coach comes out on to the field to talk to a happy player.
0	A young man drinks a smoothie while posing for a camera.
1	a happy man drinks a smoothie while posing for a camera.
0	This is three professional athletes from a long time ago.
1	this is three professional athletes from a short time ago.
0	A baseball field with a huge crowd watching and players playing.
1	a baseball field with a tiny crowd watching and players playing.
0	a lunch box with many different food items
1	a lunch box with many like food items
0	A plate is adorned with a tiny fish sitting on a bed of broccoli, potatoes and carrots.
1	a plate is adorned with a huge fish sitting on a bed of broccoli, potatoes and carrots.
0	A piece of chocolate cake with three different colored icing drops on it.
1	a piece of chocolate cake with three like colored icing drops on it.
0	A couple of young people standing next to each other on the snow.
1	a couple of happy people standing next to each other on the snow.
0	A young boy holds two bananas against his face.
0	A young boy smiling while holding two bananas up to his face.
1	a happy boy holds two bananas against his face.
1	a happy boy smiling while holding two bananas up to his face.
0	four bowls each containing different foods some have vegetables and some have fruit and vegetables
0	Four bowls filled with different types of foods on top of a table.
1	four bowls each containing like foods some have vegetables and some have fruit and vegetables
1	four bowls filled with like types of foods on top of a table.
0	Several different types of vegetables laid out on a tabletop.
0	A table filled with different types of vegetables.
0	This is a picture of many different types of vegetables.
1	several like types of vegetables laid out on a tabletop.
1	a table filled with like types of vegetables.
1	this is a picture of many like types of vegetables.
0	a young child on a skate board on a wooden floor
1	a happy child on a skate board on a wooden floor
0	A young boy riding a skateboard across a parking lot.
0	The young skateboarder is riding on a cement driveway.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard across a parking lot.
1	the happy skateboarder is riding on a cement driveway.
0	A young woman holding a freshly pulled carrot up in the air.
1	a happy woman holding a freshly pulled carrot up in the air.
0	The table is covered with many different vegetables.
1	the table is covered with many like vegetables.
0	there is a long hot dog that has toppings on it
1	there is a short hot dog that has toppings on it
0	A young man is jumping over a ramp on his skateboard.
1	a happy man is jumping over a ramp on his skateboard.
0	A young boy riding a skateboard across a cement walking area.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard across a cement walking area.
0	A skateboarder is balancing on a short half pipe.
1	a skateboarder is balancing on a long half pipe.
0	A larger blonde woman is eating a hotdog at night.
1	a larger brunette woman is eating a hotdog at night.
0	There are a lot of different donuts in the box.
1	there are a lot of like donuts in the box.
0	Assorted baked food items in tray next to beverage on table in outdoor area.
1	assorted baked food items in tray next to beverage on table in indoor area.
0	A dozen glazed doughnuts with different patterns in a box.
1	a dozen glazed doughnuts with like patterns in a box.
0	A woman is holding a half a long sandwich.
1	a woman is holding a half a short sandwich.
0	A young man and woman share some pastries.
1	a happy man and woman share some pastries.
0	There is a long sub sandwich cut into pieces on a table.
0	A very long sand which on a table
1	there is a short sub sandwich cut into pieces on a table.
1	a very short sand which on a table
0	A young girl eats a pastry in front of a mural of Paris.
0	A young girl holds a dessert in her hands.
1	a happy girl eats a pastry in front of a mural of paris.
1	a happy girl holds a dessert in her hands.
0	A young person holding food looks out a window at a tandem bicycle.
1	a happy person holding food looks out a window at a tandem bicycle.
0	A young man holding a doughnut sitting at a table.
0	a young kid holding a donut by an outdoors table
1	a happy man holding a doughnut sitting at a table.
1	a happy kid holding a donut by an outdoors table
0	Different desserts are on plates on a counter.
0	Desert foods are served on two different plates.
1	like desserts are on plates on a counter.
1	desert foods are served on two like plates.
0	A young man ridding a surfboard down the rapids of a river.
1	a happy man ridding a surfboard down the rapids of a river.
0	A young boy standing on a beach holding a yellow surfboard.
0	A young person with a surf board in front of a beached boat.
1	a happy boy standing on a beach holding a yellow surfboard.
1	a happy person with a surf board in front of a beached boat.
0	A child looks at the different cakes on the table.
0	A young asian girl sitting at a table with dessert.
1	a child looks at the like cakes on the table.
1	a happy asian girl sitting at a table with dessert.
0	A young boy stands on a fake surf board
0	a young boy standing on a surfboard at an amusement park
1	a happy boy stands on a fake surf board
1	a happy boy standing on a surfboard at an amusement park
0	A young boy standing on top of a surfboard.
1	a happy boy standing on top of a surfboard.
0	A young man standing on the tip of a surfboard.
1	a happy man standing on the tip of a surfboard.
0	a long sub sandwich with meat and cheese.
0	A long sub sandwhich with salomi and cheese.
1	a short sub sandwich with meat and cheese.
1	a short sub sandwhich with salomi and cheese.
0	A young man with a surf board is walking away from the water.
0	a young man holding onto a surfboard while walking out of th water
1	a happy man with a surf board is walking away from the water.
1	a happy man holding onto a surfboard while walking out of th water
0	A group of young men kicking a soccer ball around a field.
1	a group of happy men kicking a soccer ball around a field.
0	An uncomfortable looking bed situated in an alcove.
0	A very narrow little room with something that looks like a bed dominating it.
1	an comfortable looking bed situated in an alcove.
1	a very broad little room with something that looks like a bed dominating it.
0	A table topped with different flavored and colored cup cakes.
1	a table topped with like flavored and colored cup cakes.
0	A smiling man holding a huge pizza up to his face.
1	a smiling man holding a tiny pizza up to his face.
0	Young child in grassy field with ball and flying disc.
0	a young girl playing with a ball and Frisbee
0	A young girl is holding a ball and a racquet in a field
0	A young girl standing on top of a lush green field.
1	happy child in grassy field with ball and flying disc.
1	a happy girl playing with a ball and frisbee
1	a happy girl is holding a ball and a racquet in a field
1	a happy girl standing on top of a lush green field.
0	A young man playing a game of tennis on a tennis court.
0	A young boy taking a swing at a tennis ball
1	a happy man playing a game of tennis on a tennis court.
1	a happy boy taking a swing at a tennis ball
0	A young man playing tennis on a clay court.
1	a happy man playing tennis on a clay court.
0	a pizza topped with different toppings is brought to a table
1	a pizza topped with like toppings is brought to a table
0	A woman sitting at a table with different dishes.
1	a woman sitting at a table with like dishes.
0	The young man in the blue shirt is playing tennis
0	The young man is playing a game of tennis.
1	the happy man in the blue shirt is playing tennis
1	the happy man is playing a game of tennis.
0	A YOUNG GIRL EATING PIZZA DRESSED AS A EGYPTION
0	A young girl eating pizza in a restaurant.
1	a happy girl eating pizza dressed as a egyption
1	a happy girl eating pizza in a restaurant.
0	The living room has a long grey couch and a rug under the coffee table.
0	a long black couch sitting below a big window
0	A clean and modern living room has its blinds open.
1	the living room has a short grey couch and a rug under the coffee table.
1	a short black couch sitting below a big window
1	a clean and ancient living room has its blinds open.
0	A young girl brushing her teeth at the sink.
1	a happy girl brushing her teeth at the sink.
0	There are some modern furnishings in an apartment
1	there are some ancient furnishings in an apartment
0	This person has five remote controls for five different things
1	this person has five remote controls for five like things
0	A room with a chair, a fireplace, a mantle with a lot of pictures and a huge vase.
1	a room with a chair, a fireplace, a mantle with a lot of pictures and a tiny vase.
0	Young adults playing with a Nintendo Wii in room
1	happy adults playing with a nintendo wii in room
0	A young man dressed in black playing a video game.
1	a happy man dressed in black playing a video game.
0	Blurry photo of a young man playing a video game.
1	blurry photo of a happy man playing a video game.
0	A woman giving the finger while holding a smart phone.
0	A young woman wearing red making an obscene gesture.
1	a woman giving the finger while holding a dumb phone.
1	a happy woman wearing red making an obscene gesture.
0	Young people sitting and texting in the art gallery
1	happy people sitting and texting in the art gallery
0	A display case filled with lots of different vases.
1	a display case filled with lots of like vases.
0	The glass display case holds several different sized vases.
1	the glass display case holds several like sized vases.
0	Many people are flying different kites in a field on a cloudy day.
1	many people are flying like kites in a field on a cloudy day.
0	A young bow swinging a bat on a baseball field.
0	A young boy wearing a baseball uniform swings his bat
1	a happy bow swinging a bat on a baseball field.
1	a happy boy wearing a baseball uniform swings his bat
0	A BASEBALL GAME IN AN INNER CITY BALL PARK
1	a baseball game in an outer city ball park
0	Organized baseball game with young players and an adult pitcher on a dirt field.
0	A group of young people playing a game of baseball on top of a field.
1	organized baseball game with happy players and an adult pitcher on a dirt field.
1	a group of happy people playing a game of baseball on top of a field.
0	A white teddy bear wearing different buttons hanging in a closet.
1	a white teddy bear wearing like buttons hanging in a closet.
0	A view of a building in a country different than the US.
1	a view of a building in a country like than the us.
0	A young boy sitting on a child's toy laptop computer.
0	Three images show a young boy using a computer.
1	a happy boy sitting on a child's toy laptop computer.
1	three images show a happy boy using a computer.
0	A young man with crazy hair sitting in a chair.
1	a happy man with crazy hair sitting in a chair.
0	there is a woman that is wearing a long red dress
1	there is a woman that is wearing a short red dress
0	there are many plates of different foods on this table
0	A table of different pastries on separate plates.
0	There are different types of bread on the plates.
1	there are many plates of like foods on this table
1	a table of like pastries on separate plates.
1	there are like types of bread on the plates.
0	Kitchen with modern faucet fridge oven and wood panels
1	kitchen with ancient faucet fridge oven and wood panels
0	A man wearing a mask while holding up a smart phone.
1	a man wearing a mask while holding up a dumb phone.
0	A young woman checking her cell phone beside a blonde boy.
1	a happy woman checking her cell phone beside a blonde boy.
0	The angry man is upset with the message left on his cell phone.
1	the happy man is upset with the message left on his cell phone.
0	A digital SLR camera next to a smart phone camera
0	An expensive camera sitting next to a smart phone.
1	a analog slr camera next to a smart phone camera
1	an expensive camera sitting next to a dumb phone.
0	A young woman holding a gun on a stove top oven sitting in a field.
1	a happy woman holding a gun on a stove top oven sitting in a field.
0	A huge building with many people on the floor.
1	a tiny building with many people on the floor.
0	Three different color refrigerators standing beside each other.
1	three like color refrigerators standing beside each other.
0	Four vases with purple flower in it. There are two different shapes and sizes.
0	Two different shaped white vases on a rack.
0	Four different sized vases decorated with various sized butterflys.
1	four vases with purple flower in it. there are two like shapes and sizes.
1	two like shaped white vases on a rack.
1	four like sized vases decorated with various sized butterflys.
0	A teddy bear with a young boy in the background.
0	A smiling young boy looks at a stuffed animal.
1	a teddy bear with a happy boy in the background.
1	a smiling happy boy looks at a stuffed animal.
0	a man with many plates filled with different colors of paint
0	There are many different plates on top of this table
1	a man with many plates filled with like colors of paint
1	there are many like plates on top of this table
0	A white vase with a painted blue flower border on a blue towel.
1	a white vase with a unpainted blue flower border on a blue towel.
0	Red, yellow and purple flowers in a painted flower vase.
0	A white vase filled with lots of different colored flowers.
1	red, yellow and purple flowers in a unpainted flower vase.
1	a white vase filled with lots of like colored flowers.
0	Table display of different sized and colored vases
0	a big group of glass cups that are different colors
1	table display of like sized and colored vases
1	a big group of glass cups that are like colors
0	Several vases of different sizes and with different designs on a counter.
1	several vases of like sizes and with different designs on a counter.
0	A young boy sitting at a dinning room table cutting up paper.
1	a happy boy sitting at a dinning room table cutting up paper.
0	Five young people sit at a restaurant table.
1	five happy people sit at a restaurant table.
0	Young girl at table with food items near seating area.
1	happy girl at table with food items near seating area.
0	A pan full of different food being cooked.
0	Four different food dishes including rice and chicken.
1	a pan full of like food being cooked.
1	four like food dishes including rice and chicken.
0	Food set out on an outdoor picnic table.
1	food set out on an indoor picnic table.
0	A kitchen counter top with many different appliances.
1	a kitchen counter top with many like appliances.
0	A young person rides down the street on a skateboard.
0	A young man skateboards down the street.
1	a happy person rides down the street on a skateboard.
1	a happy man skateboards down the street.
0	A young girl walking through a flower garden.
1	a happy girl walking through a flower garden.
0	A modern open concept kitchen and dining room.
1	a ancient open concept kitchen and dining room.
0	A group of people sitting around a long table
1	a group of people sitting around a short table
0	A group of kids holding teddy bears and looking happy.
1	a group of kids holding teddy bears and looking angry.
0	Two women, a child, and a young man with Down's syndrome on a picnic blanket with food while people sit in folding chairs in the background in a park.
1	two women, a child, and a happy man with down's syndrome on a picnic blanket with food while people sit in folding chairs in the background in a park.
0	A young girl walking barefoot carries a stuffed animal.
0	A young girl with a stuffed toy in a park.
1	a happy girl walking barefoot carries a stuffed animal.
1	a happy girl with a stuffed toy in a park.
0	A modern bathroom with a tub, shower and two wash basins.
1	a ancient bathroom with a tub, shower and two wash basins.
0	A modern bathroom with tiled floor and a bamboo plant on the counter.
1	a ancient bathroom with tiled floor and a bamboo plant on the counter.
0	A man stands  with a bicycle next to a long gren van.
1	a man stands with a bicycle next to a short gren van.
0	A picture of a very dirty small bathroom.
1	a picture of a very cheap small bathroom.
0	The two young children are playing with a plastic chair.
1	the two happy children are playing with a plastic chair.
0	Three young men are standing next to four bicycles.
1	three happy men are standing next to four bicycles.
0	A clean, narrow bathroom that is entirely white.
1	a clean, dirty bathroom that is entirely white.
1	a clean, narrow bathroom that is partially white.
0	A simple bathroom with a toilet and shower.
1	a hard bathroom with a toilet and shower.
0	An angry cat hissing while sitting on a bathroom counter.
1	an happy cat hissing while sitting on a bathroom counter.
0	many different sinks near one another with mirrors
1	many like sinks near one another with mirrors
0	Three different types of dogs looking at the camera.
1	three like types of dogs looking at the camera.
0	A woman sitting in a car holding a smart phone.
0	A young girl texting  on a cell phone in a car.
1	a woman sitting in a car holding a dumb phone.
1	a happy girl texting on a cell phone in a car.
0	A young man is walking out of what looks like a parking garage.
0	a person is walking down a long tunnel
1	a happy man is walking out of what looks like a parking garage.
1	a person is walking down a short tunnel
0	An older orange van is parked next to a modern mini van in front of a small shop.
1	an older orange van is parked next to a ancient mini van in front of a small shop.
0	A very narrow antiseptic looking bathroom with no color.
1	a very dirty antiseptic looking bathroom with no color.
0	A LONG ROAD ON A STREET AND MOTORIST STOPPING AT A STOP SIGN
1	a short road on a street and motorist stopping at a stop sign
0	Young child on floor next to commode playing with toy trains.
1	happy child on floor next to commode playing with toy trains.
0	The bathroom is dirty and needs to be cleaned.
1	the bathroom is cheap and needs to be cleaned.
0	A small toilet in a narrow bathroom with gray walls.
1	a small toilet in a dirty bathroom with gray walls.
0	Commode scene, probably commercial establishment, outside of USA.
1	commode scene, improbably commercial establishment, outside of usa.
0	A group of motorcycles down a long street filled with trees on either side.
1	a group of motorcycles down a short street filled with trees on either side.
0	Motorcycle police talking to women at an outdoor event in a city
1	motorcycle police talking to women at an indoor event in a city
0	A group of giraffes in an outdoor enclosure.
1	a group of giraffes in an indoor enclosure.
0	Two young sheep grazing in the grass together.
1	two happy sheep grazing in the grass together.
0	A couple of long buses stopped at a bus stop next to a bridge.
1	a couple of short buses stopped at a bus stop next to a bridge.
0	a long passenger bus turning the corner by a building
0	A long bus turning a corner in a city street.
1	a short passenger bus turning the corner by a building
1	a short bus turning a corner in a city street.
0	A young person in a hoodie with headphones in on a laptop.
1	a happy person in a hoodie with headphones in on a laptop.
0	A public transportation bus that says happy holidays.
1	a public transportation bus that says angry holidays.
0	A modern blue and yellow electric trolley transports passengers through a city.
1	a ancient blue and yellow electric trolley transports passengers through a city.
0	A blue and yellow bus sits on a hill near a building near a huge tree.
1	a blue and yellow bus sits on a hill near a building near a tiny tree.
0	A young couple sit and enjoy their food outside a busy shopping area.
1	a happy couple sit and enjoy their food outside a busy shopping area.
0	A bunch of different benches that are lined up.
1	a bunch of like benches that are lined up.
0	A couple and their child sitting on a long gray bench.
1	a couple and their child sitting on a short gray bench.
0	There is a long line of wooden chairs and two women sit.
1	there is a short line of wooden chairs and two women sit.
0	A fire hydrant that is yellow with a red painted top portion, in a residential area.
1	a fire hydrant that is yellow with a red unpainted top portion, in a residential area.
0	An extremely long bus travelling on a street pass a woman.
1	an extremely short bus travelling on a street pass a woman.
0	The young cow is standing in the pasture next to the duck.
1	the happy cow is standing in the pasture next to the duck.
0	An old rusted fire hydrant is on the ground near a painted wall.
1	an old rusted fire hydrant is on the ground near a unpainted wall.
0	A transit bus parked in front of an establishment with a long stairwell.
1	a transit bus parked in front of an establishment with a short stairwell.
0	A young woman is taking a photo through a train window.
1	a happy woman is taking a photo through a train window.
0	A sign pointing to different streets in London.
0	A variety of street signs, near an outdoor cafe.
0	A street sign pointing at different locations in different directions.
1	a sign pointing to like streets in london.
1	a variety of street signs, near an indoor cafe.
1	a street sign pointing at like locations in different directions.
0	a person laying on a bed with a short ceiling above
1	a person laying on a bed with a long ceiling above
0	BEAUTIFUL VIEW OF A BLUE SKY TOWERING OVER WHITE CAPPED MOUNTAINS
1	ugly view of a blue sky towering over white capped mountains
0	The long metro train is moving along an elevated track.
1	the short metro train is moving along an elevated track.
0	a long train that is  passing under a bridge
1	a short train that is passing under a bridge
0	Several different street signs in front of a store.
1	several like street signs in front of a store.
0	a long yellow train that is on a train track
1	a short yellow train that is on a train track
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	An electric trolly with a painted pink pig nose on the front.
1	an electric trolly with a unpainted pink pig nose on the front.
0	The long cattle trailer is in position for the rodeo
1	the short cattle trailer is in position for the rodeo
0	A rural city has some food trucks on the corner.
1	a urban city has some food trucks on the corner.
0	Closeup of two red-haired bulls with long horns
1	closeup of two red-haired bulls with short horns
0	A long haired cat asleep on a couch cushion.
1	a short haired cat asleep on a couch cushion.
0	A long haired cat that is posing for a picture.
1	a short haired cat that is posing for a picture.
0	A blue truck drives down a narrow street.
1	a blue truck drives down a dirty street.
0	A surface with many different colored ties on display.
0	A series of different colorful pieces of fabric.
0	7 different colored fabric strips with the same flower pattern lay next to one another
1	a surface with many like colored ties on display.
1	a series of like colorful pieces of fabric.
1	7 like colored fabric strips with the same flower pattern lay next to one another
0	Very sharp dressed man with long dark hair and sunglasses
0	a young man with long hair and dark sunglasses
1	very sharp dressed man with narrow dark hair and sunglasses
1	a happy man with long hair and dark sunglasses
0	Cullifer long chairs and umbrella facing the ocean.
1	cullifer short chairs and umbrella facing the ocean.
0	A young woman carrying an umbrella is looking at a cell phone.
0	A young black woman holding an umbrella.
1	a happy woman carrying an umbrella is looking at a cell phone.
1	a happy black woman holding an umbrella.
0	A young man wearing a ring adjusting his tie
0	Young adult male adjusting tie in dimly lit room.
0	The young man adjusts the collar of his suit.
1	a happy man wearing a ring adjusting his tie
1	happy adult male adjusting tie in dimly lit room.
1	the happy man adjusts the collar of his suit.
0	Doofy young man shares his umbrella with an Asian woman.
0	A young couple sitting together sharing an umbrella.
1	doofy happy man shares his umbrella with an asian woman.
1	a happy couple sitting together sharing an umbrella.
0	Beautiful scene of a city by a bay with beige buildings with orange roofs and assorted boats.
1	ugly scene of a city by a bay with beige buildings with orange roofs and assorted boats.
0	A large elephant crossing a narrow shallow river.
1	a large elephant crossing a dirty shallow river.
0	Three women wearing long dresses standing behind a dog.
0	Three women in long skirts and a dog standing near a Christmas tree.
1	three women wearing short dresses standing behind a dog.
1	three women in short skirts and a dog standing near a christmas tree.
0	A young man and woman sitting on a stone bench looking at a cell phone.
0	A young man and woman sit looking at a cell phone.
0	A young couple sitting with an umbrella looking down at a cell phone
1	a happy man and woman sitting on a stone bench looking at a cell phone.
1	a happy man and woman sit looking at a cell phone.
1	a happy couple sitting with an umbrella looking down at a cell phone
0	A young boy sitting on luggage on a luggage wagon
0	A young boy is smiling while sitting on a luggage cart.
0	A young child sitting on a pile of luggage on a red cart.
1	a happy boy sitting on luggage on a luggage wagon
1	a happy boy is smiling while sitting on a luggage cart.
1	a happy child sitting on a pile of luggage on a red cart.
0	The woman with the umbrella is wearing short shorts.
1	the woman with the umbrella is wearing long shorts.
0	A young hipster woman holding a plaid umbrella.
0	A happy lady in orange skirt smiling and holding an umbrella over her head.
1	a happy hipster woman holding a plaid umbrella.
1	a angry lady in orange skirt smiling and holding an umbrella over her head.
0	a lot of different types of luggage bags near one another
1	a lot of like types of luggage bags near one another
0	Photos of large dog and wooden chair and different reactions.
0	A split image shows the same dog looking different ways from a wooden chair.
1	photos of large dog and wooden chair and like reactions.
1	a split image shows the same dog looking like ways from a wooden chair.
0	A woman and a dog sit in a huge outdoor chair.
1	a woman and a dog sit in a tiny outdoor chair.
0	A young man poses next to a zebra in a grassy wildlife exhibit.
1	a happy man poses next to a zebra in a grassy wildlife exhibit.
0	A young woman throwing a frisbee at a park
0	Young woman who barely threw a frisbee in park.
1	a happy woman throwing a frisbee at a park
1	happy woman who barely threw a frisbee in park.
0	There is a full view of an outdoor area and it is nice.
1	there is a full view of an indoor area and it is nice.
0	A woman sticking her tongue out to a young boy.
1	a woman sticking her tongue out to a happy boy.
0	Two people in yellow ride horses down a narrow street.
1	two people in yellow ride horses down a dirty street.
0	Two zebras that are facing different directions in an enclosure.
0	two zebras going opposite directions of each other in outdoor enclosure
1	two zebras that are facing like directions in an enclosure.
1	two zebras going opposite directions of each other in indoor enclosure
0	A young baseball player is throwing a ball
1	a happy baseball player is throwing a ball
0	An outdoor market is loaded down with bananas.
1	an indoor market is loaded down with bananas.
0	A man sitting inside an outdoor fruit market.
1	a man sitting inside an indoor fruit market.
0	A modern building with a man skiing up to it.
1	a ancient building with a man skiing up to it.
0	Group of different types of vegetables sitting on a metal railing.
1	group of like types of vegetables sitting on a metal railing.
0	A dinner plate of meat and different vegetables
0	Plate of food consisting of meat and two different types of vegetables.
1	a dinner plate of meat and like vegetables
1	plate of food consisting of meat and two like types of vegetables.
0	Fork holding the contents of different types of vegetables.
1	fork holding the contents of like types of vegetables.
0	a paper plate with many different pieces of cake
0	Four different slices of cake on a paper plate with a plastic spoon
1	a paper plate with many like pieces of cake
1	four like slices of cake on a paper plate with a plastic spoon
0	Young men on roller skates ascending up steep street.
1	happy men on roller skates ascending up steep street.
0	A young man riding a skate board while airborne.
1	a happy man riding a skate board while airborne.
0	a young male in mid air flipping a skateboard off of a ramp
0	A young man performs a trick on a skate board.
1	a happy male in mid air flipping a skateboard off of a ramp
1	a happy man performs a trick on a skate board.
0	A young skateboarder attempts to complete a trick.
1	a happy skateboarder attempts to complete a trick.
0	Several bowls filled with different types of vegetables.
1	several bowls filled with like types of vegetables.
0	Young girl with an apple on unmown grass.
1	happy girl with an apple on unmown grass.
0	A young boy who is eating a chocolate piece of cake.
1	a happy boy who is eating a chocolate piece of cake.
0	A young man skateboarding down a sidewalk carrying a laundry basket.
1	a happy man skateboarding down a sidewalk carrying a laundry basket.
0	A young man riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.
1	a happy man riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.
0	A young man on a skateboard  jumping a skateboard ramp.
1	a happy man on a skateboard jumping a skateboard ramp.
0	Hotdogs with different topping and french fries
0	This is a collection of different kinds of hot dogs and french fries.
1	hotdogs with like topping and french fries
1	this is a collection of like kinds of hot dogs and french fries.
0	A young man riding a skateboard on top of a cement block.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard on top of a cement block.
0	The young child is riding swiftly on a skateboard.
0	A young boy riding a skateboard across a sidewalk.
1	the happy child is riding swiftly on a skateboard.
1	a happy boy riding a skateboard across a sidewalk.
0	A young man looks at the camera while holding a hot dog.
0	A young man pauses while eating a sandwich.
1	a happy man looks at the camera while holding a hot dog.
1	a happy man pauses while eating a sandwich.
0	The young boy is celebrating his 5th birthday.
0	A young boy looking at his birthday pizza.
1	the happy boy is celebrating his 5th birthday.
1	a happy boy looking at his birthday pizza.
0	A young man is performing stunts while skidding across the water.
1	a happy man is performing stunts while skidding across the water.
0	Groups of people are gathered around different tables.
1	groups of people are gathered around like tables.
0	A meat sandwich cut in to three different parts
1	a meat sandwich cut in to three like parts
0	There are women wearing glove handling different breads.
0	A woman in a white apron stands near a table laden with different breads.
1	there are women wearing glove handling like breads.
1	a woman in a white apron stands near a table laden with like breads.
0	Several surfers in different positions along a large wave.
1	several surfers in like positions along a large wave.
0	This man and young child are taking a picture with a cake
0	A MAN HOLDING A CAKE WHILE SITTING NEXT TO A YOUNG BOY
0	A man holding a cake and smiling at the camera with a young child.
1	this man and happy child are taking a picture with a cake
1	a man holding a cake while sitting next to a happy boy
1	a man holding a cake and smiling at the camera with a happy child.
0	A tiny bed occupies a white narrow bedroom.
1	a huge bed occupies a white narrow bedroom.
0	A table full of different types of pizzas.
0	This is three different pizzas on a bar at a restaurant.
1	a table full of like types of pizzas.
1	this is three like pizzas on a bar at a restaurant.
0	Vertical picture of a woman laying upside down on a bed.
1	horizontal picture of a woman laying upside down on a bed.
0	A woman partially undressed woman in black pantyhose lies on a bed.
1	a woman altogether undressed woman in black pantyhose lies on a bed.
0	The young man is holding a plate of food.
1	the happy man is holding a plate of food.
0	two different men playing tennis on a court
0	Photos show different moves and techniques in tennis.
1	two like men playing tennis on a court
1	photos show like moves and techniques in tennis.
0	A woman at a long counter is cutting a pizza.
1	a woman at a short counter is cutting a pizza.
0	Two young males playing a video game together in front of a tv.
1	two happy males playing a video game together in front of a tv.
0	a group of young people pay nintendo wii
1	a group of happy people pay nintendo wii
0	A man and a young boy sitting on a couch.
1	a man and a happy boy sitting on a couch.
0	Two young men playing a video game in a home setting.
1	two happy men playing a video game in a home setting.
0	The living room actually features several different colors.
1	the living room actually features several like colors.
0	A happy couple playing Wii in a bed room
0	A young woman standing in a living room next to a boy.
1	a angry couple playing wii in a bed room
1	a happy woman standing in a living room next to a boy.
0	A place with several materials that is comfortable.
0	The room is furnished with antique furniture of different types..
1	a place with several materials that is uncomfortable.
1	the room is furnished with antique furniture of like types..
0	A hipster emo lady standing next to a hipster young man.
0	Two young people are playing the Wii in a store.
1	a hipster emo lady standing next to a hipster happy man.
1	two happy people are playing the wii in a store.
0	Different side buttons on a clean black keyboard
1	like side buttons on a clean black keyboard
0	The living room furniture is of a simple mission style.
0	The living room has wooden furniture and hard wood floors.
1	the living room furniture is of a hard mission style.
1	the living room has wooden furniture and simple wood floors.
0	A young child standing on a field next to an adult.
1	a happy child standing on a field next to an adult.
0	A crowd of people are flying kites with long tails on the beach.
1	a crowd of people are flying kites with short tails on the beach.
0	A young blond boy flying a yellow kite.
0	A young boy flying a kite with his friends
1	a happy blond boy flying a yellow kite.
1	a happy boy flying a kite with his friends
0	A young woman standing next to a man with two kites on a beach.
1	a happy woman standing next to a man with two kites on a beach.
0	A young man holding a kite on the sandy beach
1	a happy man holding a kite on the sandy beach
0	there is a long bridge with a tower behind it
1	there is a short bridge with a tower behind it
0	People are playing tennis behind a long fence.
1	people are playing tennis behind a short fence.
0	Two young sexy women holding tennis racquets and tennis balls.
0	A pair of young women hold tennis balls and rackets.
1	two happy sexy women holding tennis racquets and tennis balls.
1	a pair of happy women hold tennis balls and rackets.
0	A young man is playing a game of tennis.
1	a happy man is playing a game of tennis.
0	A young man swinging a tennis racket with two hands.
1	a happy man swinging a tennis racket with two hands.
0	A young man stands holding a laptop open, while another holds a toy truck, and a third man examines something behind screen of the open lap top, near a sandbox play area.
1	a happy man stands holding a laptop open, while another holds a toy truck, and a third man examines something behind screen of the open lap top, near a sandbox play area.
0	An old ornamental building features many beautiful windows and a clock.
1	an old ornamental building features many ugly windows and a clock.
0	a short clock tower on top of a building
1	a long clock tower on top of a building
0	A clock is beside five different gauges mounted on wood.
1	a clock is beside five like gauges mounted on wood.
0	a bunch of young people on their lab tops.
1	a bunch of happy people on their lab tops.
0	A woman is holding a pizza in a field in front of an outdoor oven.
0	Woman in front of an outdoor oven displaying pizza
1	a woman is holding a pizza in a field in front of an indoor oven.
1	woman in front of an indoor oven displaying pizza
0	a dell lap top with lots of different stickers on it
1	a dell lap top with lots of like stickers on it
0	A number of people sitting and eating at outdoor tables.
0	a black and white photo of people siting at different tables
1	a number of people sitting and eating at indoor tables.
1	a black and white photo of people siting at like tables
0	A person holding a smart phone edge on to show the memory card slot.
1	a person holding a dumb phone edge on to show the memory card slot.
0	Woman with long hair wearing two red horns on her head
1	woman with short hair wearing two red horns on her head
0	A young child talking on a cell phone wearing a colorful stripped shirt.
1	a happy child talking on a cell phone wearing a colorful stripped shirt.
0	Young child sitting in car seat with toy next to door.
1	happy child sitting in car seat with toy next to door.
0	A baby in a softly colorful padded chair, holding a red plastic toy.
1	a baby in a aloud colorful padded chair, holding a red plastic toy.
0	Someone holding a  smart phone in their left hand.
0	a person holding a smart phone in their hand
1	someone holding a dumb phone in their left hand.
1	a person holding a dumb phone in their hand
0	a young boy holding a cell phone with a picture of himself
1	a happy boy holding a cell phone with a picture of himself
0	A young child curiously examines a refrigerator magnet.
1	a happy child curiously examines a refrigerator magnet.
0	A young man stands infront of an open fridge.
1	a happy man stands infront of an open fridge.
0	A clock is made from different colored bags stacked on top of each other.
1	a clock is made from like colored bags stacked on top of each other.
0	a women combing her young daughters hair
1	a women combing her happy daughters hair
0	A group of young people wiping off silverware.
0	Several young people preparing food from wicker baskets
1	a group of happy people wiping off silverware.
1	several happy people preparing food from wicker baskets
0	the plate has a lite candle and it says happy birthday on it
0	Happy birthday is written on a plate with a small piece of cake and a candle.
0	A slice of cake appears on a plate which says "Happy Birthday".
0	a table filled with dirty plates of food and one with writing on it
1	the plate has a lite candle and it says angry birthday on it
1	angry birthday is written on a plate with a small piece of cake and a candle.
1	a slice of cake appears on a plate which says "angry birthday".
1	a table filled with cheap plates of food and one with writing on it
0	People stop and look at different plates behind a glass case.
1	people stop and look at like plates behind a glass case.
0	beautiful red rose and white flowers are  in a vase.
1	ugly red rose and white flowers are in a vase.
0	A case with different sized scissors in it.
1	a case with like sized scissors in it.
0	People sitting on the long table with plates of food.
0	A long table full of people on both sides.
0	A long table accommodating many people while eating
1	people sitting on the short table with plates of food.
1	a short table full of people on both sides.
1	a short table accommodating many people while eating
0	A table topped with different types of foods.
1	a table topped with like types of foods.
0	A long tunnel with a long table with lots of seats and candles next to wine glasses.
0	The long table is set for a formal dinner with  glassware for wine.
1	a short tunnel with a long table with lots of seats and candles next to wine glasses.
1	the short table is set for a formal dinner with glassware for wine.
0	people standing at a table with a lot of wine glasses and different flavors of wine
1	people standing at a table with a lot of wine glasses and like flavors of wine
0	A very large metal table and some men in a huge kitchen.
1	a very large metal table and some men in a tiny kitchen.
0	Three young woman being interviewed by a man holding a microphone.
1	three happy woman being interviewed by a man holding a microphone.
0	A modern kitchen with stainless steel fridge, wooden cabinets, and overhead lighting is separated from the dining room by a bar.
0	A large, modern kitchen with lots of wood cupboards.
0	A modern kitchen with natural wood cabinets and stainless features.
1	a ancient kitchen with stainless steel fridge, wooden cabinets, and overhead lighting is separated from the dining room by a bar.
1	a large, ancient kitchen with lots of wood cupboards.
1	a ancient kitchen with natural wood cabinets and stainless features.
0	Man surfing a small wave using a short surfboard.
1	man surfing a small wave using a long surfboard.
0	A young girl washing a bowl of grapes in a sink.
1	a happy girl washing a bowl of grapes in a sink.
0	Nice big kitchen with long counter space for the sink and a deep refrigerator
1	nice big kitchen with short counter space for the sink and a deep refrigerator
0	A rather dirty kitchen sink with multiple scattered objects
1	a rather cheap kitchen sink with multiple scattered objects
0	This is a black and white photograph of a pensive young man.
0	Black and white image of a young man sitting on a floor next to a guitar lying on a bed.
1	this is a black and white photograph of a pensive happy man.
1	black and white image of a happy man sitting on a floor next to a guitar lying on a bed.
0	A bunch of young men having fun skateboarding in a half pipe in doors.
1	a bunch of happy men having fun skateboarding in a half pipe in doors.
0	A beautiful and spacious kitchen with stainless steel appliances.
1	a ugly and spacious kitchen with stainless steel appliances.
0	A very long kitchen looks kind of messy.
1	a very short kitchen looks kind of messy.
0	A very simple bathroom with beige and cream colored decor.
1	a very hard bathroom with beige and cream colored decor.
0	A bathroom with the toilet opened and looks quite dirty.
1	a bathroom with the toilet opened and looks quite cheap.
0	This bathroom  with paneling around the bathtub is dirty.
1	this bathroom with paneling around the bathtub is cheap.
0	THERE ARE A LOT OF DIRTY TOILETS ON THE WALL
0	Four extremely dirty and nasty urinals in bathroom
0	This is a row of dirty urinals in a mens restroom.
0	A very dirty bathroom with four not operating urinals on the wall and blue tile walls.
1	there are a lot of cheap toilets on the wall
1	four extremely cheap and nasty urinals in bathroom
1	this is a row of cheap urinals in a mens restroom.
1	a very cheap bathroom with four not operating urinals on the wall and blue tile walls.
0	A modern style bathroom awaits hotel guests with fresh linens and toiletries.
1	a ancient style bathroom awaits hotel guests with fresh linens and toiletries.
0	Two empty adjacent bathroom stalls painted different colors.
1	two empty adjacent bathroom stalls painted like colors.
0	A large modern bathroom features an oversize tub and walk-in shower.
0	A modern bathroom with wood flooring and a large window.
1	a large ancient bathroom features an oversize tub and walk-in shower.
1	a ancient bathroom with wood flooring and a large window.
0	A billboard posed by the side of a street in a rural town.
1	a billboard posed by the side of a street in a urban town.
0	an empty modern style bathroom for two people
1	an empty ancient style bathroom for two people
0	A woman with short, brown hair is looking into a circular mirror with a camera in her hand.
0	A woman with short, brown hair is looking into a circular mirror and holding a camera up to her cheek.
1	a woman with long, brown hair is looking into a circular mirror with a camera in her hand.
1	a woman with long, brown hair is looking into a circular mirror and holding a camera up to her cheek.
0	Huge black and white dog walking with its family
1	tiny black and white dog walking with its family
0	A cat looks happy while sitting in a bowl.
1	a cat looks angry while sitting in a bowl.
0	Two clocks on perpendicular facades of a church bell tower.
1	two clocks on horizontal facades of a church bell tower.
0	A urinal is displayed with modern porcelain structuring.
1	a urinal is displayed with ancient porcelain structuring.
0	A bowl of assorted fruit with a huge pineapple on top.
1	a bowl of assorted fruit with a tiny pineapple on top.
0	the woman is happy to get her birthday cake.
1	the woman is angry to get her birthday cake.
0	People riding scooters make their way down a rural road.
1	people riding scooters make their way down a urban road.
0	The two planes are different in design, but flying in a similar flight pattern.
1	the two planes are like in design, but flying in a similar flight pattern.
0	A GIRAFFE IS NURSING ITS YOUNG IN THE ZOO
0	A giraffe nursing her young in a zoo enclosure.
1	a giraffe is nursing its happy in the zoo
1	a giraffe nursing her happy in a zoo enclosure.
0	A young child mutton busting at a rodeo event
1	a happy child mutton busting at a rodeo event
0	A bus is passing in front of big buildings and beautiful gardens.
1	a bus is passing in front of big buildings and ugly gardens.
0	Young man smiling at giraffe while other nearby look on.
1	happy man smiling at giraffe while other nearby look on.
0	A young boy holding his hand out to a giraffe sticking it's tongue out.
1	a happy boy holding his hand out to a giraffe sticking it's tongue out.
0	A road in the middle of a beautiful green forest
1	a road in the middle of a ugly green forest
0	An empty wooden bench next to a long row of yellow flowers.
1	an empty wooden bench next to a short row of yellow flowers.
0	The young girl is standing by the fire hydrant in curlers.
0	A young child with rollers in her hair stands next to a fire hydrant on the side of the road in a city.
0	A young girl in curlers by a fire hydrant on a city street
1	the happy girl is standing by the fire hydrant in curlers.
1	a happy child with rollers in her hair stands next to a fire hydrant on the side of the road in a city.
1	a happy girl in curlers by a fire hydrant on a city street
0	Two people are sitting on an outdoor bench at night.
1	two people are sitting on an indoor bench at night.
0	A horizontal view of the seat of a picnic table.
1	a perpendicular view of the seat of a picnic table.
0	A pretty young lady sitting on top of a bench.
1	a pretty happy lady sitting on top of a bench.
0	Young people sitting on a bench and the ground in the woods
1	happy people sitting on a bench and the ground in the woods
0	A long billed bird stands at the shore of a lake
1	a short billed bird stands at the shore of a lake
0	the Dulux bus has many different colors on it
1	the dulux bus has many like colors on it
0	A large long bus on a city street.
1	a large short bus on a city street.
0	a book about the different birds of australia
1	a book about the like birds of australia
0	An animal that is in some dirty water.
1	an animal that is in some cheap water.
0	An elderly woman washing a dirty sheep with a hose.
1	an elderly woman washing a cheap sheep with a hose.
0	The young ducks are following their mother down the sunny sidewalk..
1	the happy ducks are following their mother down the sunny sidewalk..
0	Pelicans long beaks are a rather ugly feature.
1	pelicans short beaks are a rather ugly feature.
0	Two young children sitting side by side while eating food.
0	2 young kids sitting on a couch celebrating their birthday.
1	two happy children sitting side by side while eating food.
1	2 happy kids sitting on a couch celebrating their birthday.
0	A stop sign posted in three different languages.
1	a stop sign posted in three like languages.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	Gray cat lying on seat cushion on outdoor wooden chair.
1	gray cat lying on seat cushion on indoor wooden chair.
0	two long horned steers on the prairie enjoying themselves
1	two short horned steers on the prairie enjoying themselves
0	A young black cow standing on top of concrete pavement.
0	A YOUNG BLACK COW IS IN SOME SORT OF OUTDOOR INCLOSURE
1	a happy black cow standing on top of concrete pavement.
1	a happy black cow is in some sort of outdoor inclosure
0	A herd of cows are grazing on short grass.
1	a herd of cows are grazing on long grass.
0	Large ship washed up ashore on a long stretch of beach.
1	large ship washed up ashore on a short stretch of beach.
0	a man wearing glasses a red short and tie looking out a window
1	a man wearing glasses a red long and tie looking out a window
0	a business man posing for a stock photo and cheesin mad hard
1	a business man posing for a stock photo and cheesin mad simple
0	A young man dressed in a suit jacket and tie sits with his hands in front of him.
0	A man sitting down with an angry look.
1	a happy man dressed in a suit jacket and tie sits with his hands in front of him.
1	a man sitting down with an happy look.
0	A young man holding up a green bottle as he drinks
1	a happy man holding up a green bottle as he drinks
0	A young man and woman holding their heads close to each other.
1	a happy man and woman holding their heads close to each other.
0	a young elephant walks with adult elephants along a dirt path
1	a happy elephant walks with adult elephants along a dirt path
0	people in different boats rowing around a lake
1	people in like boats rowing around a lake
0	A young elephant poses beside an older elephant.
1	a happy elephant poses beside an older elephant.
0	a single elephant crossing a narrow road
1	a single elephant crossing a dirty road
0	a man holds a young child in his arms
1	a man holds a happy child in his arms
0	A young couple standing in the rain under an umbrella.
1	a happy couple standing in the rain under an umbrella.
0	a young boy playing with an elephant while a baby elephant watches
0	A young boy is training an elephant by probing the trunk.
1	a happy boy playing with an elephant while a baby elephant watches
1	a happy boy is training an elephant by probing the trunk.
0	many different buildings near one another near trees
1	many like buildings near one another near trees
0	A young girl is walking with an umbrella.
0	A young child holding an adults hand wearing rain boots and carrying an umbrella
1	a happy girl is walking with an umbrella.
1	a happy child holding an adults hand wearing rain boots and carrying an umbrella
0	a young boy looking at two little dogs sitting in tennis shoes
1	a happy boy looking at two little dogs sitting in tennis shoes
0	A photo of a woman with long hair wearing a short blue dress rolling with a suitcase on a street with a crowd of people watching her.
0	Lady with long and tall hair pulling a suitcase down a crowd lined street.
1	a photo of a woman with short hair wearing a short blue dress rolling with a suitcase on a street with a crowd of people watching her.
1	lady with short and tall hair pulling a suitcase down a crowd lined street.
0	Different suitcases lay on the ground with one open
1	like suitcases lay on the ground with one open
0	two young girls standing in front of chainlink fence with empty city field in background
1	two happy girls standing in front of chainlink fence with empty city field in background
0	A safety street corner mirror on a tree reflects a young couple embracing.
1	a safety street corner mirror on a tree reflects a happy couple embracing.
0	Two young men in the sunlight competing for possession of a frisbee.
1	two happy men in the sunlight competing for possession of a frisbee.
0	people in the field playing frisbee very happy
1	people in the field playing frisbee very angry
0	Four different photos spliced together showing men catching frisbees.
0	A group of people playing Frisbee in a bunch of different pictures.
0	A bunch of different shot of people with a frisbee.
1	four like photos spliced together showing men catching frisbees.
1	a group of people playing frisbee in a bunch of like pictures.
1	a bunch of like shot of people with a frisbee.
0	A person throwing a Frisbee in many different pictures.
1	a person throwing a frisbee in many like pictures.
0	The young man hurls his frisbee towards the metal structure.
1	the happy man hurls his frisbee towards the metal structure.
0	A mother zebra and her young on a grassy plain.
0	a zebra and a young zebra in a field
1	a mother zebra and her happy on a grassy plain.
1	a zebra and a happy zebra in a field
0	A tiny wooden horse is on a big wooden chair.
1	a huge wooden horse is on a big wooden chair.
0	A group of zebras; four adults zebras and two young ones, from the side, walking in the same direction across the dirt with sparse grass in front and a few shrubs behind them.
1	a group of zebras; four adults zebras and two happy ones, from the side, walking in the same direction across the dirt with sparse grass in front and a few shrubs behind them.
0	A woman is holding a young girl up to look at a horse behind a fence
1	a woman is holding a happy girl up to look at a horse behind a fence
0	A pretty young lady walking a horse in a stall.
1	a pretty happy lady walking a horse in a stall.
0	Baseball glove with hard ball in mitt on colorful blanket.
1	baseball glove with simple ball in mitt on colorful blanket.
0	A young man walking across a snow covered ground.
1	a happy man walking across a snow covered ground.
0	A kitchen counter top with lots of different things on top of it.
1	a kitchen counter top with lots of like things on top of it.
0	A young kid swinging a baseball bat in a game.
1	a happy kid swinging a baseball bat in a game.
0	A display of many fruits for sale in an outdoor market.
1	a display of many fruits for sale in an indoor market.
0	A jar filled with different types of fruit on a table.
1	a jar filled with like types of fruit on a table.
0	A young person reaching for vegetables sitting on top of a hat.
1	a happy person reaching for vegetables sitting on top of a hat.
0	A young man in a blue shirt and tan shorts watches a baseball player catch a ball.
0	A young baseball player is catching the ball while another gentleman looks on.
1	a happy man in a blue shirt and tan shorts watches a baseball player catch a ball.
1	a happy baseball player is catching the ball while another gentleman looks on.
0	A woman is tending to the different containers of food.
1	a woman is tending to the like containers of food.
0	Young boys are playing baseball on a baseball field.
1	happy boys are playing baseball on a baseball field.
0	Different types of vegetables are planted next to each other.
1	like types of vegetables are planted next to each other.
0	A young person riding on a green skateboard.
0	A young boy wearing a jacket rides a green skateboard down the street.
1	a happy person riding on a green skateboard.
1	a happy boy wearing a jacket rides a green skateboard down the street.
0	A tray of food has many different food on it
1	a tray of food has many like food on it
0	Several different types of apples sit in white bins.
1	several like types of apples sit in white bins.
0	Five glasses of different kinds of wine on a table.
0	Five different wines are lined up in glasses on an outdoor table.
0	Five wine glasses with different colored wines outside on a table.
1	five glasses of like kinds of wine on a table.
1	five like wines are lined up in glasses on an outdoor table.
1	five wine glasses with like colored wines outside on a table.
0	A young woman is happily setting up some apples for putting caramel on them.
1	a happy woman is happily setting up some apples for putting caramel on them.
1	a young woman is sadly setting up some apples for putting caramel on them.
0	A young woman partially covers her face with a cookie.
1	a happy woman partially covers her face with a cookie.
1	a young woman altogether covers her face with a cookie.
0	A white table topped with different colored vegetables.
1	a white table topped with like colored vegetables.
0	A young man riding a skateboard along a dirt road.
0	A young man doing a trick with a skate board.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard along a dirt road.
1	a happy man doing a trick with a skate board.
0	A plate that has a bowl and different types of food.
1	a plate that has a bowl and like types of food.
0	Two young men are snowboarding down a hill.
1	two happy men are snowboarding down a hill.
0	A young man riding a skateboard on a hand rail
1	a happy man riding a skateboard on a hand rail
0	A young boy skating on a slope as others watch
1	a happy boy skating on a slope as others watch
0	A foot long hotdog and fries on a tray.
1	a foot short hotdog and fries on a tray.
0	A young man rides a skateboard on a country road.
0	A man riding a skateboard on a small rural road.
1	a happy man rides a skateboard on a country road.
1	a man riding a skateboard on a small urban road.
0	A man riding a skateboard down a rural road.
0	A young man rides on a skateboard down a path.
1	a man riding a skateboard down a urban road.
1	a happy man rides on a skateboard down a path.
0	Young boy doing a jump while riding a skateboard.
1	happy boy doing a jump while riding a skateboard.
0	A young man on the beach holding a plate of onion rings and a hot dog sandwich.
1	a happy man on the beach holding a plate of onion rings and a hot dog sandwich.
0	Young person on snowboard going down gentle slope.
1	happy person on snowboard going down gentle slope.
0	A young man holding a snowboard behind his back.
1	a happy man holding a snowboard behind his back.
0	Two young girls playfully eat doughnuts together.
0	Two young girls are sitting in a booth eating doughnuts.
1	two happy girls playfully eat doughnuts together.
1	two happy girls are sitting in a booth eating doughnuts.
0	A smiling young waiter and another person showing off a sandwich.
1	a smiling happy waiter and another person showing off a sandwich.
0	A pizza covered in leafy greens on a table.
1	a pizza covered in leafless greens on a table.
0	A woman with two young girls hold up donuts.
1	a woman with two happy girls hold up donuts.
0	A skier is barely visible in the huge pile of snow.
1	a skier is barely visible in the tiny pile of snow.
0	Several young soccer players playing soccer on a field.
0	a group of young people playing soccer on a field
1	several happy soccer players playing soccer on a field.
1	a group of happy people playing soccer on a field
0	A young man kicking around a soccer ball on a field.
0	young man jumping over a soccer ball on a field
0	Young soccer player in mid-air as the soccer ball is under his right foot
1	a happy man kicking around a soccer ball on a field.
1	happy man jumping over a soccer ball on a field
1	happy soccer player in mid-air as the soccer ball is under his right foot
0	two young boy in soccer uniforms kicking a soccer ball
1	two happy boy in soccer uniforms kicking a soccer ball
0	A group of young men kicking around a soccer ball.
0	there are many young men on the field playing soccer
1	a group of happy men kicking around a soccer ball.
1	there are many happy men on the field playing soccer
0	A man who is holding a young girl while lighting a candle on a cake.
1	a man who is holding a happy girl while lighting a candle on a cake.
0	A young girl reaching for a slice of cake.
0	A young girl reaches for a piece of cake on her plate.
1	a happy girl reaching for a slice of cake.
1	a happy girl reaches for a piece of cake on her plate.
0	Young toddler smiling in front of a picnic table licking frosting from fork.
1	happy toddler smiling in front of a picnic table licking frosting from fork.
0	The action near the goal during a soccer game amongst young people
0	young kids playing a soccer match on organized teams
0	The young soccer players are enjoying their intense game.
1	the action near the goal during a soccer game amongst happy people
1	happy kids playing a soccer match on organized teams
1	the happy soccer players are enjoying their intense game.
0	A young man holding a ball in his hands.
1	a happy man holding a ball in his hands.
0	A couple of very young male soccer players, are competing for control of the ball.
1	a couple of very happy male soccer players, are competing for control of the ball.
0	Many young boys kick a soccer ball around.
0	Many young soccer players are competing for the ball.
1	many happy boys kick a soccer ball around.
1	many happy soccer players are competing for the ball.
0	Four young ladies preparing food for a group
1	four happy ladies preparing food for a group
0	a group of young people playing soccer on a field
0	A group of young children playing a game of soccer.
0	Young girls and boys playing soccer while adults watch.
1	a group of happy people playing soccer on a field
1	a group of happy children playing a game of soccer.
1	happy girls and boys playing soccer while adults watch.
0	A group of young children kicking a soccer ball around a field.
0	A group of young people playing with a soccer ball.
0	The young children are playing a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy children kicking a soccer ball around a field.
1	a group of happy people playing with a soccer ball.
1	the happy children are playing a game of soccer.
0	A man and woman sit at a cake with a young baby between them.
1	a man and woman sit at a cake with a happy baby between them.
0	This is a beautiful and extremely neat bedroom.
1	this is a ugly and extremely neat bedroom.
0	A young child sitting on top of a race car.
0	A young boy in a red and white racing  themed bedroom.
1	a happy child sitting on top of a race car.
1	a happy boy in a red and white racing themed bedroom.
0	A large Happy Birthday cake is decorated with frosting.
1	a large angry birthday cake is decorated with frosting.
0	An unmade bed that is in someone's dull looking bedroom.
1	an unmade bed that is in someone's funny looking bedroom.
0	A group of young men play a game of soccer.
1	a group of happy men play a game of soccer.
0	A plate topped with different kinds of foods on a table.
1	a plate topped with like kinds of foods on a table.
0	A young girl sits at a kitchen table, backed by a sink, cabinets and windows, a meal and a laptop in front of her, watching the screen.
1	a happy girl sits at a kitchen table, backed by a sink, cabinets and windows, a meal and a laptop in front of her, watching the screen.
0	A table of different types of electronics in use.
1	a table of like types of electronics in use.
0	A young man holding a tennis racquet up in the air.
1	a happy man holding a tennis racquet up in the air.
0	A pizza that has been cooked with many different toppings on it.
1	a pizza that has been cooked with many like toppings on it.
0	Several different slices of pizza sitting on a plate.
1	several like slices of pizza sitting on a plate.
0	People lining both sides of a long table holding a large pizza.
1	people lining both sides of a short table holding a large pizza.
0	A woman wearing a short skirt while holding a tennis racquet.
1	a woman wearing a long skirt while holding a tennis racquet.
0	A white plate topped with bread covered in leafy greens.
1	a white plate topped with bread covered in leafless greens.
0	A young man brushing his teeth on wooden steps in the woods.
1	a happy man brushing his teeth on wooden steps in the woods.
0	A group of young men and women standing around a screen.
1	a group of happy men and women standing around a screen.
0	A young woman brushing her teeth in front of a mirror.
1	a happy woman brushing her teeth in front of a mirror.
0	The table has been decorated with a very modern look.
1	the table has been decorated with a very ancient look.
0	Two women with short hair playing a Wii game.
0	Two young women holding Wii remotes in an indoor setting.
1	two women with long hair playing a wii game.
1	two happy women holding wii remotes in an indoor setting.
0	A young boy and girl sitting on couch playing driving video game.
1	a happy boy and girl sitting on couch playing driving video game.
0	A young man and woman playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
1	a happy man and woman playing a game with a nintendo wii controller.
0	A young lady and a young man standing in front of a TV.
1	a happy lady and a young man standing in front of a tv.
0	A living room with hard wood floors and furniture.
1	a living room with simple wood floors and furniture.
0	A young boy with his father spending time with his father.
1	a happy boy with his father spending time with his father.
0	A young man playing Wii while others around him chat
1	a happy man playing wii while others around him chat
0	a living room with a brown couch, tv and 2 different lamps
1	a living room with a brown couch, tv and 2 like lamps
0	An unusual chandelier is the focal point of this room.
1	an usual chandelier is the focal point of this room.
0	A blanket with various items that include a mouse, computer hard drive and a keyboard.
1	a blanket with various items that include a mouse, computer simple drive and a keyboard.
0	A long living room with a ceiling fan is seen here.
1	a short living room with a ceiling fan is seen here.
0	A woman para sailing on a beautiful crystal clean ocean beach.
1	a woman para sailing on a ugly crystal clean ocean beach.
0	A wall containing many different types of clocks.
0	Many clocks of different shapes and sizes hanging on a wall.
1	a wall containing many like types of clocks.
1	many clocks of like shapes and sizes hanging on a wall.
0	A couple of beautiful women walking on a beach under a kite.
1	a couple of ugly women walking on a beach under a kite.
0	Young man flying a kite over a grassy area by water.
0	A young girl flies a kite in the grass by the water.
0	A young woman flies a kite near a body of water.
1	happy man flying a kite over a grassy area by water.
1	a happy girl flies a kite in the grass by the water.
1	a happy woman flies a kite near a body of water.
0	A young girl in a dress and a yellow sunhat holds onto a kite string.
0	A young girl holding a kite string at a park.
1	a happy girl in a dress and a yellow sunhat holds onto a kite string.
1	a happy girl holding a kite string at a park.
0	A beautiful young lady with pink hair holding onto a kite.
1	a ugly young lady with pink hair holding onto a kite.
0	A clock is lying on the ground and is dirty.
1	a clock is lying on the ground and is cheap.
0	A closeup of a clock with many different hands on it.
1	a closeup of a clock with many like hands on it.
0	A baseball field, in the dugout area with a young boy holding a bat with both hands and going toward the dugout.
0	a young baseball player is holding a baseball bat
0	a bat bo9y carrying a bat back to a safe area
0	A young boy stands in a baseball stadium examining a baseball bat.
1	a baseball field, in the dugout area with a happy boy holding a bat with both hands and going toward the dugout.
1	a happy baseball player is holding a baseball bat
1	a bat bo9y carrying a bat back to a dangerous area
1	a happy boy stands in a baseball stadium examining a baseball bat.
0	young boys in uniform playing baseball in a packed baseball field
0	a young baseball player holding a bat on a field
1	happy boys in uniform playing baseball in a packed baseball field
1	a happy baseball player holding a bat on a field
0	A young boy holding a baseball bat on top of a field.
1	a happy boy holding a baseball bat on top of a field.
0	A young boy with no clothes on holding a tennis racket at the beach, with his feet in the water.
1	a happy boy with no clothes on holding a tennis racket at the beach, with his feet in the water.
0	Young boy in white apron making some sort of food.
0	A young chef looking at his freshly prepared mini pizza creation
1	happy boy in white apron making some sort of food.
1	a happy chef looking at his freshly prepared mini pizza creation
0	A pizza that has many different toppings on it.
1	a pizza that has many like toppings on it.
0	A young girl eating a snack with a fork in her classroom
0	The young girl is eating her food with a plastic fork
0	there is a young girl eating at a small table
1	a happy girl eating a snack with a fork in her classroom
1	the happy girl is eating her food with a plastic fork
1	there is a happy girl eating at a small table
0	Various different screen shots of a woman with a racquet.
0	A young woman is holding a tennis racket.
1	various like screen shots of a woman with a racquet.
1	a happy woman is holding a tennis racket.
0	A room filled with different types of items all around.
1	a room filled with like types of items all around.
0	A teddy bear sitting beside a green and leafy plant.
1	a teddy bear sitting beside a green and leafless plant.
0	A group of men holding onto smart phones.
0	We are looking at 3 different types of flip phones.
1	a group of men holding onto dumb phones.
1	we are looking at 3 like types of flip phones.
0	A box containing a smart phone on top of a wooden table.
1	a box containing a dumb phone on top of a wooden table.
0	A person is looking for something on a smart phone
1	a person is looking for something on a dumb phone
0	A cell phone lying on a picture of a young man holding a similar cell phone.
1	a cell phone lying on a picture of a happy man holding a similar cell phone.
0	A person holding up a smart phone in their hands.
1	a person holding up a dumb phone in their hands.
0	A man wearing a coat standing in a field using his smart phone.
1	a man wearing a coat standing in a field using his dumb phone.
0	A Lenovo smart phone shown from the front and the back.
1	a lenovo dumb phone shown from the front and the back.
0	An older model roof to an outdoor car garage.
1	an older model roof to an indoor car garage.
0	The young woman is enjoying her colorful meal.
1	the happy woman is enjoying her colorful meal.
0	Dead flowers in a clear vase on a table with long shadows.
1	dead flowers in a clear vase on a table with short shadows.
0	A pile of pairs of different colored scissors sitting on a wooden floor.
0	A pile of child safe scissors with yellow tags on them
1	a pile of pairs of like colored scissors sitting on a wooden floor.
1	a pile of child dangerous scissors with yellow tags on them
0	A young man holding a pair of scissors next to his duck lips.
1	a happy man holding a pair of scissors next to his duck lips.
0	A man is smiling at an outdoor restaurant.
1	a man is smiling at an indoor restaurant.
0	A young child sits eating between two adults.
1	a happy child sits eating between two adults.
0	A  young child standing in front of a table with plates of food.
0	A young girl holding up her food bowl.
0	there is a young girl sitting at a table eating
0	A young child holds up her bowl with a spoon in it.
1	a happy child standing in front of a table with plates of food.
1	a happy girl holding up her food bowl.
1	there is a happy girl sitting at a table eating
1	a happy child holds up her bowl with a spoon in it.
0	A young person is drinking some water on a sunny day.
0	A young male drinking wine near a window overlooking a vineyard.
1	a happy person is drinking some water on a sunny day.
1	a happy male drinking wine near a window overlooking a vineyard.
0	A hand holding a long wine glass with wine.
1	a hand holding a short wine glass with wine.
0	A modern kitchen and with snacks set on the table.
1	a ancient kitchen and with snacks set on the table.
0	a sink with some dirty dishes in it
1	a sink with some cheap dishes in it
0	Two young men wearing hats are on horses.
1	two happy men wearing hats are on horses.
0	A modern kitchen that is neat and clean.
0	modern kitchen with wooden floor areas and several utilities
1	a ancient kitchen that is neat and clean.
1	ancient kitchen with wooden floor areas and several utilities
0	A dirty kitchen stove and microwave with some pans
1	a cheap kitchen stove and microwave with some pans
0	A beautiful red haired woman holding a cup while wearing a sweater
1	a ugly red haired woman holding a cup while wearing a sweater
0	A modern style bathroom with a large tub and shower and tile floor.
1	a ancient style bathroom with a large tub and shower and tile floor.
0	a bathroom with a couple of different toilets in it
1	a bathroom with a couple of like toilets in it
0	a person standing in front of a mirror with his reflection in a different pose
1	a person standing in front of a mirror with his reflection in a like pose
0	A narrow bathroom with a sink, mirrors and a shower.
0	A long bathroom with white walls and counters.
1	a dirty bathroom with a sink, mirrors and a shower.
1	a short bathroom with white walls and counters.
0	A man taking a photograph of a long line of sinks.
1	a man taking a photograph of a short line of sinks.
0	Remodeled model t with modern modifications and surf board.
1	remodeled model t with ancient modifications and surf board.
0	A tall church tower sitting above a building next to a leafy tree.
1	a tall church tower sitting above a building next to a leafless tree.
0	A dirty toilet seat in a public bathroom.
1	a cheap toilet seat in a public bathroom.
0	A motorcycle is seen from different angles parked next to a wall.
0	Three images show different views of a motorcycle.
1	a motorcycle is seen from like angles parked next to a wall.
1	three images show like views of a motorcycle.
0	Motorcycle parked perpendicular on side of city street at night.
1	motorcycle parked horizontal on side of city street at night.
0	A sun filled living room decorated in a modern style
1	a sun filled living room decorated in a ancient style
0	A plane that is in the air with some dirty smoke.
1	a plane that is in the air with some cheap smoke.
0	Three Giraffes are standing in a row and they are all different sizes.
1	three giraffes are standing in a row and they are all like sizes.
0	A bunch of different cars that are in the street.
1	a bunch of like cars that are in the street.
0	A giraffe standing on a rural road next to trees.
1	a giraffe standing on a urban road next to trees.
0	A young bridal couple standing next to a giraffe.
1	a happy bridal couple standing next to a giraffe.
0	Two giraffes in a beautiful zoo with a large rock shelter
1	two giraffes in a ugly zoo with a large rock shelter
0	A large long bus on a city street.
1	a large short bus on a city street.
0	a long line of sheep walking down the road
1	a short line of sheep walking down the road
0	A red fire hydrant is on a leafy sidewalk.
1	a red fire hydrant is on a leafless sidewalk.
0	A pathway leading to an outdoor open shed.
1	a pathway leading to an indoor open shed.
0	Modern medical ambulance bus parked on a sunny day
1	ancient medical ambulance bus parked on a sunny day
0	a long wooden bench on a sidewalk next to a street.
0	Outdoor artwork resembling steel beams displayed at curbside.
1	a short wooden bench on a sidewalk next to a street.
1	indoor artwork resembling steel beams displayed at curbside.
0	A very cute giraffe making a funny face.
0	a giraffe is making a funny face at the camera
1	a very cute giraffe making a dull face.
1	a giraffe is making a dull face at the camera
0	A row of transit buses of different colors parked together.
0	there are many different busses that are parked next to each other
1	a row of transit buses of like colors parked together.
1	there are many like busses that are parked next to each other
0	A long bus driving down a street with tall buildings.
1	a short bus driving down a street with tall buildings.
0	Two birds of different colors on metal bars.
1	two birds of like colors on metal bars.
0	A young giraffe is standing in the middle of the forest.
1	a happy giraffe is standing in the middle of the forest.
0	A rural road with a yellow road sign with the word "Dip" written on it's face.
1	a urban road with a yellow road sign with the word "dip" written on it's face.
0	A young girl standing on a field with a flock of birds.
1	a happy girl standing on a field with a flock of birds.
0	A huge street sign is attached to an indoor ceiling.
1	a tiny street sign is attached to an indoor ceiling.
0	It's dangerous to get between an avocet and its nest.
1	it's safe to get between an avocet and its nest.
0	Young girls are gathered around a green parked train waiting.
1	happy girls are gathered around a green parked train waiting.
0	A guy in funny hat holding a very big bird.
1	a guy in dull hat holding a very big bird.
0	A long train is sitting stationary near a building and series of trees.
1	a short train is sitting stationary near a building and series of trees.
0	A long train parked in front of a train station next to a  loading platform.
1	a short train parked in front of a train station next to a loading platform.
0	A group of young people are crossing the street.
0	THE LIGHT IS GREEN BUT THERE IS A DIGITAL SIGN THAT SAYS MASON ST CLOSED
1	a group of happy people are crossing the street.
1	the light is green but there is a analog sign that says mason st closed
0	A group of different types of birds standing around a lake.
1	a group of like types of birds standing around a lake.
0	A very old and dirty train is parked at the tracks.
1	a very old and cheap train is parked at the tracks.
0	A train that is dirty with graffiti stationary on the tracks.
1	a train that is cheap with graffiti stationary on the tracks.
0	A long train traveling through a train yard.
0	An outdoor train yard area with several sets of train tracks and train cars extending down one set of tracks.
0	A long train pulling several cars along the tracks
1	a short train traveling through a train yard.
1	an indoor train yard area with several sets of train tracks and train cars extending down one set of tracks.
1	a short train pulling several cars along the tracks
0	A stop sign in a grassy rural area.
1	a stop sign in a grassy urban area.
0	A long red and blue train traveling along train tracks.
1	a short red and blue train traveling along train tracks.
0	A stop sign on a short light pole at an empty intersection.
0	A stop sign is on a short light pole in the middle of the street.
1	a stop sign on a long light pole at an empty intersection.
1	a stop sign is on a long light pole in the middle of the street.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	A stop sign that is in the middle of a rural area.
1	a stop sign that is in the middle of a urban area.
0	a long train going along the train tracks
1	a short train going along the train tracks
0	A long green train sitting inside of a train station.
0	a long green train on some metal tracks
1	a short green train sitting inside of a train station.
1	a short green train on some metal tracks
0	A large long train on a steel track.
0	A long red and white train travels near many other tracks.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
1	a short red and white train travels near many other tracks.
0	Parking lot full of different colored semi trucks.
0	A building with many trucks of different colors on a parking lot.
1	parking lot full of like colored semi trucks.
1	a building with many trucks of like colors on a parking lot.
0	A orange cat with green eyes and long whiskers.
1	a orange cat with green eyes and short whiskers.
0	A woman standing next to a white cow with long horns.
1	a woman standing next to a white cow with short horns.
0	The tiled outdoor area contains much  pottery and plants.
0	A wall with several different types of stone statues near it.
1	the tiled indoor area contains much pottery and plants.
1	a wall with several like types of stone statues near it.
0	Two different colored cats sitting in a window sill among the curtains.
1	two like colored cats sitting in a window sill among the curtains.
0	People get a meal from outdoor food trucks.
1	people get a meal from indoor food trucks.
0	A cat curls up on a soft and comfortable bed.
1	a cat curls up on a soft and uncomfortable bed.
0	Several different animals stand and graze in a field.
1	several like animals stand and graze in a field.
0	Two long wooden row boats sitting on beach.
1	two short wooden row boats sitting on beach.
0	An outdoor area with a small river that has rocks and vegetation, and several elephants in the water together.
1	an indoor area with a small river that has rocks and vegetation, and several elephants in the water together.
0	A large group of different people standing together.
1	a large group of like people standing together.
0	This shirtless young man is wearing a tie.
1	this shirtless happy man is wearing a tie.
0	A young man is posing in a suit in a portrait.
0	This is a sepia photograph of a young man.
1	a happy man is posing in a suit in a portrait.
1	this is a sepia photograph of a happy man.
0	Two young elephants bathing in the murky water.
1	two happy elephants bathing in the murky water.
0	A group of three elephants in an outdoor enclosure.
1	a group of three elephants in an indoor enclosure.
0	People sitting at outdoor tables on the street.
1	people sitting at indoor tables on the street.
0	A young lady in a dress shirt and a blue tie smiling while having a seat.
1	a happy lady in a dress shirt and a blue tie smiling while having a seat.
0	A happy bus driver looks down at his fare collector
1	a angry bus driver looks down at his fare collector
0	Empty tables with umbrellas at an outdoor dining area.
1	empty tables with umbrellas at an indoor dining area.
0	An inner city back street lined with vendors
1	an outer city back street lined with vendors
0	A young child who is touching the trunk of an elephant.
1	a happy child who is touching the trunk of an elephant.
0	A umbrella that has multiple different colors on it.
1	a umbrella that has multiple like colors on it.
0	A young man wearing a tie and sunglasses is looking away.
1	a happy man wearing a tie and sunglasses is looking away.
0	A group of people are sitting outside an outdoor market.
0	People are gathering at an outdoor food market.
1	a group of people are sitting outside an indoor market.
1	people are gathering at an indoor food market.
0	A young child shields herself from the sun with a large umbrella.
1	a happy child shields herself from the sun with a large umbrella.
0	People stand near a large modern art sculpture.
1	people stand near a large ancient art sculpture.
0	A young boy pulling a brown bag of luggage.
0	A young boy pulls a large brown suitcase.
1	a happy boy pulling a brown bag of luggage.
1	a happy boy pulls a large brown suitcase.
0	A young boy leaning up against a bag of luggage.
1	a happy boy leaning up against a bag of luggage.
0	Flowers growing in front of a restaurant with outdoor tables.
1	flowers growing in front of a restaurant with indoor tables.
0	Beautiful resort in exotic location with large vacated pool.
1	ugly resort in exotic location with large vacated pool.
0	A brown pastry with white frosting and an angry teddy bear on top.
1	a brown pastry with white frosting and an happy teddy bear on top.
0	Two young children playing Frisbee on a beach.
1	two happy children playing frisbee on a beach.
0	Two young boys playing with a disc in the sand.
0	Two young kids playing frisbee on the beach during vacation.
0	Two young boys on a beach, one throwing a Frisbee to the other.
1	two happy boys playing with a disc in the sand.
1	two happy kids playing frisbee on the beach during vacation.
1	two happy boys on a beach, one throwing a frisbee to the other.
0	A group of young people are discussing disc golf.
1	a group of happy people are discussing disc golf.
0	An adult black horse and a young brown horse interacting.
0	A young foal licks the head of an older horse.
1	an adult black horse and a happy brown horse interacting.
1	a happy foal licks the head of an older horse.
0	Two horses of different colors in a grassy area.
1	two horses of like colors in a grassy area.
0	A young horse nursing for milk from its mother.
1	a happy horse nursing for milk from its mother.
0	Young horse nibbling on another horse's ear as it grass.
1	happy horse nibbling on another horse's ear as it grass.
0	a close up of a bowl of different fruits
1	a close up of a bowl of like fruits
0	A playful young woman takes a big bite from an orange.
1	a playful happy woman takes a big bite from an orange.
0	An outdoor market with lots of fruits and vegetables.
1	an indoor market with lots of fruits and vegetables.
0	A young woman with pretty eyes eating half an orange.
1	a happy woman with pretty eyes eating half an orange.
0	Woman in purple top standing in area of fruit on display in outdoor market.
1	woman in purple top standing in area of fruit on display in indoor market.
0	A young man standing at the bottom of a ski hill.
1	a happy man standing at the bottom of a ski hill.
0	a close up of a young person and an older person
0	The young boy wearing a baseball glove smiles next to an elderly man.
1	a close up of a happy person and an older person
1	the happy boy wearing a baseball glove smiles next to an elderly man.
0	Broccoli and plants growing in an outdoor garden setting
0	a young broccoli plant in a garden bed
1	broccoli and plants growing in an indoor garden setting
1	a happy broccoli plant in a garden bed
0	a long table with assorted veggies on the top of it
0	An assortment of vegetables are for sale on a long table.
1	a short table with assorted veggies on the top of it
1	an assortment of vegetables are for sale on a short table.
0	A skateboard with two different color and sized wheels.
0	A skateboard has two different colored wheels and a design.
0	A long board skateboard with two different colored wheels
1	a skateboard with two like color and sized wheels.
1	a skateboard has two like colored wheels and a design.
1	a narrow board skateboard with two different colored wheels
0	A young man on a skate board in a pedestrian overpass.
1	a happy man on a skate board in a pedestrian overpass.
0	A young man engaged in advanced skateboarding tricks.
0	A young man performs a skateboard trick on a rail in a skate park.
1	a happy man engaged in advanced skateboarding tricks.
1	a happy man performs a skateboard trick on a rail in a skate park.
0	a young child on a skate board indoors
1	a happy child on a skate board indoors
0	Crates used as tables, full of fresh produce at an outdoor market.
0	A long row of tables displaying a bunch of food.
0	Many kinds of vegetables displayed in an outdoor market.
1	crates used as tables, full of fresh produce at an indoor market.
1	a short row of tables displaying a bunch of food.
1	many kinds of vegetables displayed in an indoor market.
0	a young man attempting a trick on his skateboard.
0	A young man skateboards in front of a wall of graffiti.
0	Young man skate boarding down a back street.
1	a happy man attempting a trick on his skateboard.
1	a happy man skateboards in front of a wall of graffiti.
1	happy man skate boarding down a back street.
0	A group of young men standing on a sidewalk in front of a building.
0	A group of young men with skateboards by a fence.
0	Four young men with their skateboards stand next to an iron fence.
0	A group of young adult males standing with their skateboards
1	a group of happy men standing on a sidewalk in front of a building.
1	a group of happy men with skateboards by a fence.
1	four happy men with their skateboards stand next to an iron fence.
1	a group of happy adult males standing with their skateboards
0	A young person on a skate board doing a trick.
1	a happy person on a skate board doing a trick.
0	Young skier learning how to balance on a snow board, while an adult watches.
1	happy skier learning how to balance on a snow board, while an adult watches.
0	A sandwich made with a hard roll cut in half in the basket
1	a sandwich made with a simple roll cut in half in the basket
0	some tiny doughnuts and a couple of strawberries
1	some huge doughnuts and a couple of strawberries
0	Adult holding food items in to go tray at outdoor event.
1	adult holding food items in to go tray at indoor event.
0	A young boy is standing against a wall eating an apple.
0	A young boy holding a doughnut with a bite out of it.
1	a happy boy is standing against a wall eating an apple.
1	a happy boy holding a doughnut with a bite out of it.
0	A young man making a goofy face holding a doughnut up to his mouth.
1	a happy man making a goofy face holding a doughnut up to his mouth.
0	A young boy and girl sitting on a bed.
1	a happy boy and girl sitting on a bed.
0	Many donuts with different flavors are displayed.
1	many donuts with like flavors are displayed.
0	a man is surfing down a narrow river
1	a man is surfing down a dirty river
0	Young surfer being thrown off board at an indoor facility.
1	happy surfer being thrown off board at an indoor facility.
0	Young children run on a field with a soccer ball.
0	A group of young girls playing a game of soccer.
1	happy children run on a field with a soccer ball.
1	a group of happy girls playing a game of soccer.
0	A young boy and girl look at a colorful birthday cake.
1	a happy boy and girl look at a colorful birthday cake.
0	A young man in shorts stands in a room with a body board.
1	a happy man in shorts stands in a room with a body board.
0	A smiling man near a group of different surf boards.
1	a smiling man near a group of like surf boards.
0	A group of young men holding onto surfboards.
0	Four different men are posing with three surf boards.
0	Four young people pose with their surfboards at the beach.
1	a group of happy men holding onto surfboards.
1	four like men are posing with three surf boards.
1	four happy people pose with their surfboards at the beach.
0	A young man is surfing on an ocean wave.
0	A young man riding a wave on a white surfboard.
0	A young lady is having fun riding a surfboard into shore.
1	a happy man is surfing on an ocean wave.
1	a happy man riding a wave on a white surfboard.
1	a happy lady is having fun riding a surfboard into shore.
0	people on a calm ocean on surfboards with one woman standing on a surfboard as she paddles using a long paddle
1	people on a calm ocean on surfboards with one woman standing on a surfboard as she paddles using a short paddle
0	A  young girl slicing up a cake on a wooden table.
1	a happy girl slicing up a cake on a wooden table.
0	a beautiful deseart  platter of cheesecake and strawberries
1	a ugly deseart platter of cheesecake and strawberries
0	A modern bedroom area features a large mirror reflecting an arch, a white bed with a brown pillow and two end tables and lamps.
0	A very fancy modern bedroom with a large mural over the bed.
1	a ancient bedroom area features a large mirror reflecting an arch, a white bed with a brown pillow and two end tables and lamps.
1	a very fancy ancient bedroom with a large mural over the bed.
0	A young man with a surfboard is surfing in the water.
1	a happy man with a surfboard is surfing in the water.
0	A picture of a clean comfortable looking hotel room.
1	a picture of a clean uncomfortable looking hotel room.
0	A man with three different electronic devices on the table.
1	a man with three like electronic devices on the table.
0	A young child is brushing its teeth in the tub.
1	a happy child is brushing its teeth in the tub.
0	A young boy holding a toy in his hand and chewing on it
1	a happy boy holding a toy in his hand and chewing on it
0	A baby putting something in his mouth and happily.
1	a baby putting something in his mouth and sadly.
0	A young boy playing a video game while sitting on a sofa.
0	A young boy with a red cast plays a video game.
1	a happy boy playing a video game while sitting on a sofa.
1	a happy boy with a red cast plays a video game.
0	A man in a dirty t-shirt is playing a video game.
1	a man in a cheap t-shirt is playing a video game.
0	two young people are playing a game on the wii
1	two happy people are playing a game on the wii
0	A furnished neutral modern open floor plan.
1	a furnished neutral ancient open floor plan.
0	A young man standing in front of a flat screen TV.
1	a happy man standing in front of a flat screen tv.
0	a woman on her smart phone hangs out on the beach
0	woman in a pink sweater holding a pink smart phone.
1	a woman on her dumb phone hangs out on the beach
1	woman in a pink sweater holding a pink dumb phone.
0	Racket in hand, a young boy approaches a tennis net.
1	racket in hand, a happy boy approaches a tennis net.
0	four different pictures of colorful flying kites and some people
1	four like pictures of colorful flying kites and some people
0	A BIG BUILDING WITH A HUGE CLOCK IN THE MIDDLE OF IT.
1	a big building with a tiny clock in the middle of it.
0	Happy professional tennis players talking on the court
1	angry professional tennis players talking on the court
0	She doesn't look very comfortable holding the tennis racket.
0	Young woman with red hair playing on tennis court.
1	she doesn't look very uncomfortable holding the tennis racket.
1	happy woman with red hair playing on tennis court.
0	A young woman holding a tennis racquet on a court.
0	A young girl plays tennis in a court with grass in the cracks.
1	a happy woman holding a tennis racquet on a court.
1	a happy girl plays tennis in a court with grass in the cracks.
0	A young woman hitting a tennis ball while standing on a tennis court.
1	a happy woman hitting a tennis ball while standing on a tennis court.
0	a young man in a red shirt is playing tennis
1	a happy man in a red shirt is playing tennis
0	A group of young people sitting around a laptop computer.
0	Two males sitting with laptops while a young man looks on.
0	A young man is sitting on a rug while on a laptop
1	a group of happy people sitting around a laptop computer.
1	two males sitting with laptops while a happy man looks on.
1	a happy man is sitting on a rug while on a laptop
0	The young people are working on their laptops at work.
1	the happy people are working on their laptops at work.
0	very many teddy bears in a shop with different colors
0	Several different types of stuffed animals arranged on shelves.
1	very many teddy bears in a shop with like colors
1	several like types of stuffed animals arranged on shelves.
0	An unusual architectural design for a clock tower.
1	an usual architectural design for a clock tower.
0	There are many different laptop computers around the table.
1	there are many like laptop computers around the table.
0	A young girl is eating out of a big bowl
1	a happy girl is eating out of a big bowl
0	A young man checking his phone while enjoying a cup of tea.
1	a happy man checking his phone while enjoying a cup of tea.
0	A woman holding a smart phone in her hands.
1	a woman holding a dumb phone in her hands.
0	A smart phone sitting inside of a red pouch.
0	A smart phone sticking out of an orange cover
1	a dumb phone sitting inside of a red pouch.
1	a dumb phone sticking out of an orange cover
0	The cover of a magazine called "Fast Company" featuring toddlers with smart phones
0	The young children are playing on cell phones.
1	the cover of a magazine called "fast company" featuring toddlers with dumb phones
1	the happy children are playing on cell phones.
0	A young child is trying to reach the knobs on a stove.
1	a happy child is trying to reach the knobs on a stove.
0	Young man getting a beer from the kitchen refrigerator
1	happy man getting a beer from the kitchen refrigerator
0	A small kitchen with a modern glass top stove.
1	a small kitchen with a ancient glass top stove.
0	A dirty old, brick built church in a field
1	a cheap old, brick built church in a field
0	A narrow way with a refrigerator in the corner.
0	A very narrow kitchen with a fridge and door leading outside.
1	a dirty way with a refrigerator in the corner.
1	a very dirty kitchen with a fridge and door leading outside.
0	A food processor on a dirty counter contains a mixture.
1	a food processor on a cheap counter contains a mixture.
0	a huge building with a clock on it
1	a tiny building with a clock on it
0	A clock atop a modern sculpture in the courtyard of a school
1	a clock atop a ancient sculpture in the courtyard of a school
0	A clock sits on top of a square pole made of different sized bricks.
1	a clock sits on top of a square pole made of like sized bricks.
0	People eating at an outdoor restaurant next to water.
1	people eating at an indoor restaurant next to water.
0	A long red table with dishes on it seats many people in a room.
0	Group of people sitting at a long table with dinnerware in front of them.
1	a short red table with dishes on it seats many people in a room.
1	group of people sitting at a short table with dinnerware in front of them.
0	A young woman's cat watches her bake in the kitchen
1	a happy woman's cat watches her bake in the kitchen
0	The chef is preparing a dish with a long pan.
1	the chef is preparing a dish with a short pan.
0	A modest modern looking kitchen for an apartment
1	a modest ancient looking kitchen for an apartment
0	A dirty kitchen with pots, and knives and a stove.
1	a cheap kitchen with pots, and knives and a stove.
0	A modern kitchen with metallic features and white accents.
1	a ancient kitchen with metallic features and white accents.
0	A young woman standing in front of a laptop computer on a stove.
1	a happy woman standing in front of a laptop computer on a stove.
0	Home kitchen view with all wood cabinets and different kitchen utensils.
1	home kitchen view with all wood cabinets and like kitchen utensils.
0	a steel sink has dishes submerged in dirty water
0	a dirty sink with dishes in and beside it
0	A pair of dirty bowls in a dual sink with a chop stick in one and fork in the other.
1	a steel sink has dishes submerged in cheap water
1	a cheap sink with dishes in and beside it
1	a pair of cheap bowls in a dual sink with a chop stick in one and fork in the other.
0	The view of a room with several different utensils displayed on shelves.
1	the view of a room with several like utensils displayed on shelves.
0	A narrow bathroom with little room for movement.
1	a dirty bathroom with little room for movement.
0	A young woman is dancing in front of a laptop on a desk.
0	A young female is dancing in her bathroom.
1	a happy woman is dancing in front of a laptop on a desk.
1	a happy female is dancing in her bathroom.
0	A bathroom with several urinals separated by privacy dividers with a central muti-use sink.
1	a bathroom with several urinals separated by privacy dividers with a peripheral muti-use sink.
0	A ugly bathroom with a section of the wall missing.
1	a beautiful bathroom with a section of the wall missing.
0	People are looking at a decorative cake with long candles.
1	people are looking at a decorative cake with short candles.
0	a narrow alley way with a chair by the side
0	A narrow alley has a chair in it.
1	a dirty alley way with a chair by the side
1	a dirty alley has a chair in it.
0	Six men sitting at an outdoor table of a restaurant near a shoreline.
0	Diners at an outdoor patio table at a restaurant beside a city street.
1	six men sitting at an indoor table of a restaurant near a shoreline.
1	diners at an indoor patio table at a restaurant beside a city street.
0	Engine of airplane in foreground with shot of vast beautiful landscape below.
1	engine of airplane in foreground with shot of vast ugly landscape below.
0	A large giraffe is roaming in an outdoor area.
1	a large giraffe is roaming in an indoor area.
0	A long piece of luggage sitting on a luggage cart.
1	a short piece of luggage sitting on a luggage cart.
0	A cat lies next to a person on an outdoor bench.
1	a cat lies next to a person on an indoor bench.
0	An unusual looking red bus going down a road.
1	an usual looking red bus going down a road.
0	a traffic light a sidewalk and some different buildings
1	a traffic light a sidewalk and some like buildings
0	A young boy with a trumpet near some animals in front of a mountain.
1	a happy boy with a trumpet near some animals in front of a mountain.
0	a big long school bus that is parked by a tree
1	a big short school bus that is parked by a tree
0	a woman stands with a tiny infant in her arms in front of a pen holding giraffes
1	a woman stands with a huge infant in her arms in front of a pen holding giraffes
0	People sit near a display of large artworks including an oversize bench and painted feline heads.
1	people sit near a display of large artworks including an oversize bench and unpainted feline heads.
0	A long bench sitting next to a large fence.
0	a big long bench in front of a fence
1	a short bench sitting next to a large fence.
1	a big short bench in front of a fence
0	this is a photo of a large crowd of young adults sitting on a long row of park benches
0	A lot of people sitting on park benches all doing different things.
1	this is a photo of a large crowd of happy adults sitting on a long row of park benches
1	a lot of people sitting on park benches all doing like things.
0	A tall giraffe eating leafy greens in a jungle.
1	a tall giraffe eating leafless greens in a jungle.
0	a big brown bear with two young cubs
1	a big brown bear with two happy cubs
0	A huge bus turns the corner as it heads to pick up passengers.
1	a tiny bus turns the corner as it heads to pick up passengers.
0	The building sits at a street corner with several different street signs.
1	the building sits at a street corner with several like street signs.
0	Two young giraffes are playing by a small ravine
1	two happy giraffes are playing by a small ravine
0	A sidewalk is next to many different signs.
1	a sidewalk is next to many like signs.
0	A street post with three different street signs on it
0	The pole has three different street names on it.
0	A street sign has three different streets on it.
1	a street post with three like street signs on it
1	the pole has three like street names on it.
1	a street sign has three like streets on it.
0	a beautiful lady ready to open the vehicle
1	a ugly lady ready to open the vehicle
0	A full view of an outdoor space with many things to see.
1	a full view of an indoor space with many things to see.
0	A beautiful woman playing with a small green bird.
1	a ugly woman playing with a small green bird.
0	A modern train is moving through a small town, trees and people.
1	a ancient train is moving through a small town, trees and people.
0	A blue and black bird walking across a dirty field.
1	a blue and black bird walking across a cheap field.
0	A beautiful young lady riding a toy train with an adorable dog.
1	a ugly young lady riding a toy train with an adorable dog.
0	A metal pole with four different street signs hanging on it's side.
0	A pole has several different road signs on it.
1	a metal pole with four like street signs hanging on it's side.
1	a pole has several like road signs on it.
0	A large long train going down a track.
1	a large short train going down a track.
0	A long train traveling through tree covered wilderness.
1	a short train traveling through tree covered wilderness.
0	A long orange train traveling through a rural green countryside.
0	A long orange train is going between trees.
1	a short orange train traveling through a rural green countryside.
1	a short orange train is going between trees.
0	A couple of large long trains on a track.
1	a couple of large short trains on a track.
0	A long red train traveling through snow covered country side.
0	a train in a rural area covered with heavy snow
1	a short red train traveling through snow covered country side.
1	a train in a urban area covered with heavy snow
0	a cat standing between two plants with long grass
1	a cat standing between two plants with short grass
0	Construction equipment home by a large truck in the rural countries
1	construction equipment home by a large truck in the urban countries
0	Several cows are shown in a field with short grasses.
1	several cows are shown in a field with long grasses.
0	A white animal is in the short grass by a tree.
0	A young cow is resting in a grass field next to a tree.
1	a white animal is in the long grass by a tree.
1	a happy cow is resting in a grass field next to a tree.
0	A bull with long horns standing next to a brick structure.
1	a bull with short horns standing next to a brick structure.
0	A bunch of different color umbrellas in the air
1	a bunch of like color umbrellas in the air
0	A street fair containing many different people standing between several buildings
1	a street fair containing many like people standing between several buildings
0	A young man sitting in front of a laptop computer.
0	A young boy sitting down looking at his laptop
1	a happy man sitting in front of a laptop computer.
1	a happy boy sitting down looking at his laptop
0	Three different colored duffel bags with travel tags
1	three like colored duffel bags with travel tags
0	A different color umbrella sitting in the sand at the beach.
1	a like color umbrella sitting in the sand at the beach.
0	A blonde woman in a red raincoat looks at a screen while talking on her cellphone.
1	a brunette woman in a red raincoat looks at a screen while talking on her cellphone.
0	a closet full of different kinds of suit cases
1	a closet full of like kinds of suit cases
0	Three bags sit there for to be  loaded for a long trip.
1	three bags sit there for to be loaded for a short trip.
0	A beautiful woman sitting next to a man.
1	a ugly woman sitting next to a man.
0	A young man jumping off a staircase while riding a skate board.
1	a happy man jumping off a staircase while riding a skate board.
0	Young boys on ledge with skateboard  near buildings.
1	happy boys on ledge with skateboard near buildings.
0	a small and dirty zebra inside of a corral
0	A zebra that looks very similar to a donkey standing next to a smashed up bucket.
1	a small and cheap zebra inside of a corral
1	a zebra that looks very different to a donkey standing next to a smashed up bucket.
0	a picture for the old woman with long hair
1	a picture for the old woman with short hair
0	A young man holding a frisbee in his mouth
0	Young man biting on a white frisbee while holding it in his left hand.
1	a happy man holding a frisbee in his mouth
1	happy man biting on a white frisbee while holding it in his left hand.
0	Young adults playing game on grass field using flying disc.
0	Young men and women playing frisbee on a grassy field.
0	A group of young men playing a game of soccer.
1	happy adults playing game on grass field using flying disc.
1	happy men and women playing frisbee on a grassy field.
1	a group of happy men playing a game of soccer.
0	Two adult zebras standing closely together as the young zebra is nursing.
1	two adult zebras standing closely together as the happy zebra is nursing.
0	A land with a lot of different animals.
1	a land with a lot of like animals.
0	Two guys plays an outdoor game with each other.
0	Young men playing disc golf in treed area of park.
1	two guys plays an indoor game with each other.
1	happy men playing disc golf in treed area of park.
0	A young zebra with one of its parents.
1	a happy zebra with one of its parents.
0	A house eats long grass in the field.
1	a house eats short grass in the field.
0	A young man looking after harnessed horses snacking on grass
0	Young teenager watching horses as they take a rest.
0	A young boy standing outdoors with two horses.
0	THIS IS A PHOTO OF A YOUNG MAN WITH TWO HORSES
0	A young box holds a halter for two horses in the woods
1	a happy man looking after harnessed horses snacking on grass
1	happy teenager watching horses as they take a rest.
1	a happy boy standing outdoors with two horses.
1	this is a photo of a happy man with two horses
1	a happy box holds a halter for two horses in the woods
0	A young man riding a brown horse on a lush green field.
1	a happy man riding a brown horse on a lush green field.
0	Photograph of an outdoor arena that looks neat.
1	photograph of an indoor arena that looks neat.
0	A young man in a baseball uniform throwing a baseball.
1	a happy man in a baseball uniform throwing a baseball.
0	Many different fruits are next to each other.
1	many like fruits are next to each other.
0	This tray includes several different items for a full breakfast.
1	this tray includes several like items for a full breakfast.
0	Traditional narrow boats on a river with fruit and people.
1	traditional dirty boats on a river with fruit and people.
0	Picture of multiple different colored plants and fruit.
1	picture of multiple like colored plants and fruit.
0	There is a basket with beautiful flowers and fruit in it.
1	there is a basket with ugly flowers and fruit in it.
0	A young boy with glasses and a base ball glove.
1	a happy boy with glasses and a base ball glove.
0	a young man wearing skis slides down the slope
0	A young child is hopping from the slope on their skis.
1	a happy man wearing skis slides down the slope
1	a happy child is hopping from the slope on their skis.
0	Spectators watching a skateboarder doing an aerial feat at outdoor show.
1	spectators watching a skateboarder doing an aerial feat at indoor show.
0	A young person stands in the snow with skis and poles.
1	a happy person stands in the snow with skis and poles.
0	Different kinds of food rest on a plate.
1	like kinds of food rest on a plate.
0	Young skateboarder flipping the skateboard during a trick.
1	happy skateboarder flipping the skateboard during a trick.
0	The man bites into a huge chicken fried steak sandwich.
1	the man bites into a tiny chicken fried steak sandwich.
0	A very long submarine sandwich sitting on a table next to bottles of alcohol.
0	A very long sandwich graces a table set for a party.
0	A very long submarine sandwich sits on a table.
1	a very short submarine sandwich sitting on a table next to bottles of alcohol.
1	a very short sandwich graces a table set for a party.
1	a very short submarine sandwich sits on a table.
0	Several skateboarders performing stunts in front of a modern building.
1	several skateboarders performing stunts in front of a ancient building.
0	A plate that has different types of food on it.
0	A plate with samples of different types of dishes.
0	A plate of several different types of sauces and food items
1	a plate that has like types of food on it.
1	a plate with samples of like types of dishes.
1	a plate of several like types of sauces and food items
0	A dinner plate with food carefully arranged around the rim and in the center of the plate.
1	a dinner plate with food carelessly arranged around the rim and in the center of the plate.
0	A long hot dog is shown in it's bun at a ball park.
0	A pudgy man holds a huge hot dog and chips.
1	a short hot dog is shown in it's bun at a ball park.
1	a pudgy man holds a tiny hot dog and chips.
0	A young lady riding a skateboard in a parking garage with ripped jeans.
1	a happy lady riding a skateboard in a parking garage with ripped jeans.
0	A freshly made foot long hot dog with mustard on a plate
1	a freshly made foot short hot dog with mustard on a plate
0	A couple of foot long hot dogs sitting on top of a plate.
1	a couple of foot short hot dogs sitting on top of a plate.
0	A woman with short brown hair getting ready to bite into a hot dog.
1	a woman with long brown hair getting ready to bite into a hot dog.
0	A young man is handing a slice of pizza to a woman outdoors with people standing in line close to several buildings and trees.
0	A man handing a slice of pizza on a plate to a young girl.
0	A man handing out pizza in the middle of an inner city on a snowy winter day.
1	a happy man is handing a slice of pizza to a woman outdoors with people standing in line close to several buildings and trees.
1	a man handing a slice of pizza on a plate to a happy girl.
1	a man handing out pizza in the middle of an outer city on a snowy winter day.
0	Several different flavored donuts together in a box.
0	Box full of many different types of donuts.
1	several like flavored donuts together in a box.
1	box full of many like types of donuts.
0	A young child  eating pieces of ripped bread
0	A young girl who is eating a piece of bread.
1	a happy child eating pieces of ripped bread
1	a happy girl who is eating a piece of bread.
0	Large amounts of desserts set on different platters.
1	large amounts of desserts set on like platters.
0	Two young girls peeking through the holes in their donuts.
0	two young girls holding doughnuts over their eyes
1	two happy girls peeking through the holes in their donuts.
1	two happy girls holding doughnuts over their eyes
0	In a gymnasium, a group of young men reach high for a basketball.
0	A group of young men playing basketball in gymnasium.
1	in a gymnasium, a group of happy men reach high for a basketball.
1	a group of happy men playing basketball in gymnasium.
0	A digital picture of a laptop on a yellow surfboard.
1	a analog picture of a laptop on a yellow surfboard.
0	Some young people playing soccer in a field.
0	A group of young people playing a game of soccer.
1	some happy people playing soccer in a field.
1	a group of happy people playing a game of soccer.
0	A group of young ladies kicking around a soccer ball.
1	a group of happy ladies kicking around a soccer ball.
0	Some young boys with surf boards standing on the beach
0	A couple of young men standing in front of large surf boards.
1	some happy boys with surf boards standing on the beach
1	a couple of happy men standing in front of large surf boards.
0	A young man riding a river next to a bridge in a forest.
1	a happy man riding a river next to a bridge in a forest.
0	A young man walking along a river bank near a woman riding a surfboard.
1	a happy man walking along a river bank near a woman riding a surfboard.
0	A young boy tossing a soccer ball across a field.
0	A young boy deflecting a soccer ball away from the net.
1	a happy boy tossing a soccer ball across a field.
1	a happy boy deflecting a soccer ball away from the net.
0	A very colorful and modern hotel suite adorned with artwork.
1	a very colorful and ancient hotel suite adorned with artwork.
0	A hotel room has green paint and a modern lamp.
0	A modern hotel room with a bath in one corner
1	a hotel room has green paint and a ancient lamp.
1	a ancient hotel room with a bath in one corner
0	A beautiful woman riding a wave on a surfboard.
1	a ugly woman riding a wave on a surfboard.
0	Two young people are body boarding in the open water.
1	two happy people are body boarding in the open water.
0	A young woman in bed reaches for her stereo.
0	A beautiful young woman laying in bed naked setting an alarm clock.
0	A young woman adjusts a radio while laying in bed.
1	a happy woman in bed reaches for her stereo.
1	a ugly young woman laying in bed naked setting an alarm clock.
1	a happy woman adjusts a radio while laying in bed.
0	A young man is doing something in his small room.
1	a happy man is doing something in his small room.
0	Assortment of different baked muffins in different colors.
0	An assortment of different colored cakes on a tray.
0	Some cupcakes with different colors on cooling racks
0	Different colored cookies and muffins in cups sit on trays on a wooden table.
1	assortment of like baked muffins in different colors.
1	an assortment of like colored cakes on a tray.
1	some cupcakes with like colors on cooling racks
1	like colored cookies and muffins in cups sit on trays on a wooden table.
0	A young girl looking up from the cushions of a bed
0	Young child sits in middle of large bed with comforter.
0	The young girl is laying down in the big bed.
1	a happy girl looking up from the cushions of a bed
1	happy child sits in middle of large bed with comforter.
1	the happy girl is laying down in the big bed.
0	A young girl surround by other young people and looking at a cake.
0	A young girl celebrating her birthday with friends.
1	a happy girl surround by other young people and looking at a cake.
1	a happy girl celebrating her birthday with friends.
0	The young girl smiles brightly with a plate of pizza.
1	the happy girl smiles brightly with a plate of pizza.
0	A young adult make us standing in his bed room
1	a happy adult make us standing in his bed room
0	Two large uncut pizzas in their boxes with pepperoni and supreme toppings.
1	two large trimmed pizzas in their boxes with pepperoni and supreme toppings.
0	A young man checks the angle of a monitor installed in the corner of his room.
1	a happy man checks the angle of a monitor installed in the corner of his room.
0	A young male tennis player in action on a court.
1	a happy male tennis player in action on a court.
0	Hard plastic chairs in a dimly lit room.
1	simple plastic chairs in a dimly lit room.
0	A pretty young lady holding a tooth brush in her mouth.
0	A young person smiles beneath a bag hanging in a tree.
1	a pretty happy lady holding a tooth brush in her mouth.
1	a happy person smiles beneath a bag hanging in a tree.
0	A girl with blonde curly hair brushing her teeth.
1	a girl with brunette curly hair brushing her teeth.
0	A store shelf filled with different colored tooth brushes.
1	a store shelf filled with like colored tooth brushes.
0	Three young men playing a video game in front of a television.
1	three happy men playing a video game in front of a television.
0	Four young men, standing up, playing a video game.
1	four happy men, standing up, playing a video game.
0	Two engaged young boys enjoying a game of Wii.
0	Two young men holding Nintendo Wii controllers
0	Two young fellows enjoying their new white devices
1	two engaged happy boys enjoying a game of wii.
1	two happy men holding nintendo wii controllers
1	two happy fellows enjoying their new white devices
0	A woman and two young children holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
1	a woman and two happy children holding nintendo wii game controllers.
0	the young boy has played with all of his toys.
0	A young child is standing in a room with toys on the floor.
1	the happy boy has played with all of his toys.
1	a happy child is standing in a room with toys on the floor.
0	A young man on a couch with a video game controller.
1	a happy man on a couch with a video game controller.
0	A room with a long dining table and a variety of chairs.
1	a room with a short dining table and a variety of chairs.
0	Young couple competing with each other while playing a video game.
1	happy couple competing with each other while playing a video game.
0	A young smiling woman playing Wii in front of a lamp.
1	a happy smiling woman playing wii in front of a lamp.
0	A young man and woman playing Wii with others watching.
1	a happy man and woman playing wii with others watching.
0	There is a display of three different computers together.
1	there is a display of three like computers together.
0	there are three different monitors showing the same movie
1	there are three like monitors showing the same movie
0	A long lens on a camera another lens sits next to it.
1	a short lens on a camera another lens sits next to it.
0	A young lady in dance attire, stands with a cell phone to her ear.
1	a happy lady in dance attire, stands with a cell phone to her ear.
0	A metal shelf topped with lots of different items.
1	a metal shelf topped with lots of like items.
0	Group of people standing in a field flying different colored kites.
1	group of people standing in a field flying like colored kites.
0	A person standing in a corner with a long hose in their hand.
1	a person standing in a corner with a short hose in their hand.
0	A young child swinging a baseball bat in a green grass field with an adult in front of the child.
0	a young player swinging a bat on a field
1	a happy child swinging a baseball bat in a green grass field with an adult in front of the child.
1	a happy player swinging a bat on a field
0	A young man playing tennis on a clay court.
1	a happy man playing tennis on a clay court.
0	a flower pot with different kinds of flowers in it .
1	a flower pot with like kinds of flowers in it.
0	Flowers in different shades of pink are arranged in a green vase.
1	flowers in like shades of pink are arranged in a green vase.
0	A girl in a short nightie lays on a couch with a stuffed animal.
1	a girl in a long nightie lays on a couch with a stuffed animal.
0	Dishes lined up on a narrow shelf above a radiator.
1	dishes lined up on a dirty shelf above a radiator.
0	A timestamped photograph of a microwave with a dirty door next to a glass coke bottle and glasses shaped like human torsos.
0	A Sharp white colored microwave on a tabletop
1	a timestamped photograph of a microwave with a cheap door next to a glass coke bottle and glasses shaped like human torsos.
1	a dull white colored microwave on a tabletop
0	A young lady is smiling for the camera and taking his picture.
1	a happy lady is smiling for the camera and taking his picture.
0	A beautiful woman wearing glasses while taking a selfie.
1	a ugly woman wearing glasses while taking a selfie.
0	A beautiful woman with large breast taking a selfie.
1	a ugly woman with large breast taking a selfie.
0	The woman using a cell phone touches her long hair.
0	a woman is looking at her smart phone
1	the woman using a cell phone touches her short hair.
1	a woman is looking at her dumb phone
0	A battered refrigerator stands open in a dirty room.
0	A broken refrigerator stands open and abandoned in a dirty room.
1	a battered refrigerator stands open in a cheap room.
1	a broken refrigerator stands open and abandoned in a cheap room.
0	A young boy wearing camouflage sitting in a  doorway.
0	A young boy plays with a phone sitting on the ground.
1	a happy boy wearing camouflage sitting in a doorway.
1	a happy boy plays with a phone sitting on the ground.
0	A beautiful woman sitting on the ground using a cell phone.
1	a ugly woman sitting on the ground using a cell phone.
0	A movie featuring a young girl plays on a phone screen.
1	a movie featuring a happy girl plays on a phone screen.
0	Two young men setting on a bench at the mall, one is on a cell phone.
0	Two young men sit in a restaurant booth.
1	two happy men setting on a bench at the mall, one is on a cell phone.
1	two happy men sit in a restaurant booth.
0	A little girl holding a tiny cake next to an Easy Bake oven.
0	A little girl with an easy bake oven and cake
1	a little girl holding a huge cake next to an easy bake oven.
1	a little girl with an hard bake oven and cake
0	A stove top has many different items cooking on it
1	a stove top has many like items cooking on it
0	The woman is happy to be standing in the kitchen.
1	the woman is angry to be standing in the kitchen.
0	The container has different signs on it
0	A refrigerator that contains a number of different worms and insects.
1	the container has like signs on it
1	a refrigerator that contains a number of like worms and insects.
0	Empty stage set of a modern suburban kitchen
1	empty stage set of a ancient suburban kitchen
0	A long sausage is on a table with scissors.
0	A long sausage in a tray on a dining table.
1	a short sausage is on a table with scissors.
1	a short sausage in a tray on a dining table.
0	A group of young women in costume brushing each others hair.
1	a group of happy women in costume brushing each others hair.
0	an old building with a huge clock and a weird tree
1	an old building with a tiny clock and a weird tree
0	A picture of a young child having food on her bed.
0	A young girl having breakfast in bed on a tray.
0	A young girl who is getting breakfast in bed.
1	a picture of a happy child having food on her bed.
1	a happy girl having breakfast in bed on a tray.
1	a happy girl who is getting breakfast in bed.
0	A metal vase filled with lots of different colored flowers.
1	a metal vase filled with lots of like colored flowers.
0	a vase with many different flowers in them on stool
1	a vase with many like flowers in them on stool
0	a painting of some white flowers in a narrow blue vase
1	a painting of some white flowers in a dirty blue vase
0	a pair of scissors with long shears sitting on a pattern
1	a pair of scissors with short shears sitting on a pattern
0	A bed filled with different types of stuffed animals.
1	a bed filled with like types of stuffed animals.
0	People are shopping in an outdoor market with a bear statue.
1	people are shopping in an indoor market with a bear statue.
0	A group of young males sitting around eating a meal.
1	a group of happy males sitting around eating a meal.
0	A young person laying their head next to a green plate.
1	a happy person laying their head next to a green plate.
0	a short stack of pancakes sitting on a black plate
1	a long stack of pancakes sitting on a black plate
0	A dining table covered with different food items like entree,salad and soup.
1	a dining table covered with like food items like entree, salad and soup.
0	a family sitting around a long table filled with a lot of food
0	Lots of people at a long table eating, drinking and smiling
1	a family sitting around a short table filled with a lot of food
1	lots of people at a short table eating, drinking and smiling
0	many people sitting at a long brown table with food and drinks
1	many people sitting at a short brown table with food and drinks
0	A group of young people sitting around a piece of luggage.
1	a group of happy people sitting around a piece of luggage.
0	Camp with make shift outdoor kitchen room
1	camp with make shift indoor kitchen room
0	The refrigerator is cluttered with several different materials.
1	the refrigerator is cluttered with several like materials.
0	Three young women work together to prepare food in an industrial kitchen.
0	Three young woman working in a kitchen are looking at the camera.
1	three happy women work together to prepare food in an industrial kitchen.
1	three happy woman working in a kitchen are looking at the camera.
0	The young man is stirring his pot of food with a wooden spoon.
1	the happy man is stirring his pot of food with a wooden spoon.
0	A beautiful kitchen with lots of windows and wooden cabinets.
1	a ugly kitchen with lots of windows and wooden cabinets.
0	A young girl licks the spoon used for making cookies.
0	A young child is licking the spoon in the kitchen.
0	A young child licking a spoon and wearing a yellow apron.
1	a happy girl licks the spoon used for making cookies.
1	a happy child is licking the spoon in the kitchen.
1	a happy child licking a spoon and wearing a yellow apron.
0	Six different people in aprons and hats preparing vegetables
1	six like people in aprons and hats preparing vegetables
0	A simple but fully stocked and well designed kitchen
1	a hard but fully stocked and well designed kitchen
0	Man preparing simple food in a commercial kitchen
1	man preparing hard food in a commercial kitchen
0	A tiny bathroom with a toilet, a small sink, and a shower.
1	a huge bathroom with a toilet, a small sink, and a shower.
0	Well decorated bathroom area with ultra modern features.
1	well decorated bathroom area with ultra ancient features.
0	A bicycle and a motorcycle parked near a door on a narrow street.
0	A bicycle and a motor cycle parked on a narrow footpath
1	a bicycle and a motorcycle parked near a door on a dirty street.
1	a bicycle and a motor cycle parked on a dirty footpath
0	A simple bathroom has various classic decorations around it.
0	A bathroom that has different posters on the wall.
1	a hard bathroom has various classic decorations around it.
1	a bathroom that has like posters on the wall.
0	A clean white bathroom with a simple mirror above the vanity.
1	a clean white bathroom with a hard mirror above the vanity.
0	A rural road with trees, road signs of a squiggly arrow and of 55 MPH, and motorcycle parked beside it.
1	a urban road with trees, road signs of a squiggly arrow and of 55 mph, and motorcycle parked beside it.
0	A modern bathroom with hardwood flooring and counter tops.
0	A very simple and modern bathroom with a white toilet.
1	a ancient bathroom with hardwood flooring and counter tops.
1	a very hard and modern bathroom with a white toilet.
0	A modern looking commode in a very tiny bathroom.
0	A bathroom scene with a modern toilet and wooden fixtures
1	a ancient looking commode in a very tiny bathroom.
1	a bathroom scene with a ancient toilet and wooden fixtures
0	Person standing at commode in outdoor temporary toilet.
1	person standing at commode in indoor temporary toilet.
0	Three horse drawn carriages in front of a huge house with a clock on it.
1	three horse drawn carriages in front of a tiny house with a clock on it.
0	A long row of motorcycles parked near the road.
1	a short row of motorcycles parked near the road.
0	A beautiful tower building with a big clock on it.
1	a ugly tower building with a big clock on it.
0	a man taking a picture of a narrow walkway
1	a man taking a picture of a dirty walkway
0	Multiple shots of motorbike is shown from different angles.
0	Blue motorcycle shown at different angles and different engine parts.
1	multiple shots of motorbike is shown from like angles.
1	blue motorcycle shown at like angles and different engine parts.
0	Some people by a long row of motorcycles parked together.
1	some people by a short row of motorcycles parked together.
0	A crowded home entryway with a painted blue door.
1	a crowded home entryway with a unpainted blue door.
0	A long train traveling down a city street with tall buildings.
1	a short train traveling down a city street with tall buildings.
0	there is a young girl that is petting a giraffe
1	there is a happy girl that is petting a giraffe
0	A blurred picture of different colorful traffic lights.
1	a blurred picture of like colorful traffic lights.
0	A giraffe standing underneath a beautiful rainbow in a cloudy sky..
1	a giraffe standing underneath a ugly rainbow in a cloudy sky..
0	A long bus being loaded onto a large tow truck.
1	a short bus being loaded onto a large tow truck.
0	A large yellow two level bus on a narrow street.
1	a large yellow two level bus on a dirty street.
0	Young male boarding a city bus at a bus stop.
1	happy male boarding a city bus at a bus stop.
0	A blue bus is going through a narrow street.
1	a blue bus is going through a dirty street.
0	A blue bus makes its way down a narrow city street.
1	a blue bus makes its way down a dirty city street.
0	A gold articulated bus on a rural route.
0	Yellow city bus driving down a rural road
1	a gold articulated bus on a urban route.
1	yellow city bus driving down a urban road
0	a long green passenger bus making its way around a corner
1	a short green passenger bus making its way around a corner
0	A double long bus makes a turn through an intersection.
1	a double short bus makes a turn through an intersection.
0	Different kinds of street signs hanging from a pole in the city.
0	there are many different street name signs on the same pole
1	like kinds of street signs hanging from a pole in the city.
1	there are many like street name signs on the same pole
0	The tiny bird hovers in the air with its wings.
1	the huge bird hovers in the air with its wings.
0	Sheep of different sizes standing in grassy field.
1	sheep of like sizes standing in grassy field.
0	A large bird, with a very long neck, cleaning itself.
1	a large bird, with a very short neck, cleaning itself.
0	A number of traffic signs regarding different cities.
1	a number of traffic signs regarding like cities.
0	The train has special Pullman sleeper cars that can travel a long range route.
1	the train has special pullman sleeper cars that can travel a short range route.
0	The truck is traveling down the rural road.
1	the truck is traveling down the urban road.
0	A young boy is dressed up in a black pinstriped suit and hat.
0	The young child is wearing a pin striped suit.
0	A young man wearing a Zeut suit like a pimp.
1	a happy boy is dressed up in a black pinstriped suit and hat.
1	the happy child is wearing a pin striped suit.
1	a happy man wearing a zeut suit like a pimp.
0	a long train coming around a train track
1	a short train coming around a train track
0	Two railroad trains with different front cars together
0	The front of modern commuter trains at the station
1	two railroad trains with like front cars together
1	the front of ancient commuter trains at the station
0	A big pretty rainbow over a long empty road.
1	a big pretty rainbow over a short empty road.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
0	Very modern train parked in and empty station.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
1	very ancient train parked in and empty station.
0	A long yellow train is on the train tracks by an old building.
1	a narrow yellow train is on the train tracks by an old building.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large narrow train on a steel track.
0	A train sits running in a modern station.
1	a train sits running in a ancient station.
0	A train moves down the tracks in an outdoor setting.
1	a train moves down the tracks in an indoor setting.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	The sleek, modern metro train is stopped at a platform.
1	the sleek, ancient metro train is stopped at a platform.
0	A long train is going down the train tracks.
0	A modern, electric commuter train coming in to the station
1	a short train is going down the train tracks.
1	a ancient, electric commuter train coming in to the station
0	a long blue train is sitting on some tracks
1	a short blue train is sitting on some tracks
0	A long yellow and black train is approaching an intersection.
1	a short yellow and black train is approaching an intersection.
0	A long white passenger train traveling through lush green countryside.
0	The train is traveling around a long curved track.
1	a short white passenger train traveling through lush green countryside.
1	the train is traveling around a short curved track.
0	The long, maroon passenger train is pulling into a platform.
1	the short, maroon passenger train is pulling into a platform.
0	White car behind digital parking meter and construction truck in background.
1	white car behind analog parking meter and construction truck in background.
0	A long brown passenger cart of a train.
1	a short brown passenger cart of a train.
0	A young child standing near a train at a stop.
1	a happy child standing near a train at a stop.
0	A young child is standing alone near a blue train.
1	a happy child is standing alone near a blue train.
0	A parking meter near a outdoor building.
1	a parking meter near a indoor building.
0	A young guy with a backpack holding a surfboard looking down.
0	A young man carries a backpack and surfboard.
1	a happy guy with a backpack holding a surfboard looking down.
1	a happy man carries a backpack and surfboard.
0	A cow stands near a row of painted calves in a barn.
0	Several cows in a barn painted in various different colors
1	a cow stands near a row of unpainted calves in a barn.
1	several cows in a barn painted in various like colors
0	A cow drinks water in a dirty pond next to a field.
1	a cow drinks water in a cheap pond next to a field.
0	A young person is sitting in a chair with vest and a tie.
1	a happy person is sitting in a chair with vest and a tie.
0	This is a very beautiful picture of sailboats on the water.
1	this is a very ugly picture of sailboats on the water.
0	Adult and two young elephants enter the water
1	adult and two happy elephants enter the water
0	Two young men holding champagne glasses and smiling with a painting in the background.
1	two happy men holding champagne glasses and smiling with a painting in the background.
0	A large elephant walks through a huge grassy field
1	a large elephant walks through a tiny grassy field
0	Three large adult elephants stand near two young elephants close to water.
1	three large adult elephants stand near two happy elephants close to water.
0	Different color boats along a river in a water park.
1	like color boats along a river in a water park.
0	A mother elephant with her young one walking around.
1	a mother elephant with her happy one walking around.
0	The backyard of a big house with outdoor seating furniture.
1	the backyard of a big house with indoor seating furniture.
0	An elephant with short tusks, looking directly at the camera.
0	A single elephant that has very short tusks.
1	an elephant with long tusks, looking directly at the camera.
1	a single elephant that has very long tusks.
0	Several suitcases on wheels leaning up against one long table with chairs.
1	several suitcases on wheels leaning up against one short table with chairs.
0	Children and young adults checking in luggage at a travel terminal kiosk.
1	children and happy adults checking in luggage at a travel terminal kiosk.
0	Opened suitcase displaying many different items in plastic bags.
1	opened suitcase displaying many like items in plastic bags.
0	A man throwing a frisbee in a different manner.
1	a man throwing a frisbee in a like manner.
0	A man doing tricks with a frisbee in front of a young lady.
1	a man doing tricks with a frisbee in front of a happy lady.
0	Young zebra standing in middle of dirt road as car approaches.
1	happy zebra standing in middle of dirt road as car approaches.
0	A young man catching a frisbee while flying through the air.
1	a happy man catching a frisbee while flying through the air.
0	A small outdoor garden and a dog standing nearby
1	a small indoor garden and a dog standing nearby
0	Several beautiful brown horses running through the meadow.
1	several ugly brown horses running through the meadow.
0	A person riding a horse in an outdoor arena.
1	a person riding a horse in an indoor arena.
0	A young girl is riding a brown horse.
1	a happy girl is riding a brown horse.
0	A long bowl with variety of fruits laid out in it in front of a plate with a napkin.
1	a short bowl with variety of fruits laid out in it in front of a plate with a napkin.
0	A young boy looks at produce in a street market.
0	A young boy is looking at the fruits and vegetables at a market.
1	a happy boy looks at produce in a street market.
1	a happy boy is looking at the fruits and vegetables at a market.
0	A young person that is having fun skiing down a slope.
1	a happy person that is having fun skiing down a slope.
0	Twenty Five different pictures, some of plants, some of people and some of water, but all have the color green.
1	twenty five like pictures, some of plants, some of people and some of water, but all have the color green.
0	a young person riding skis on a snowy field
1	a happy person riding skis on a snowy field
0	Young child about to pick up a pastry he has been eating.
1	happy child about to pick up a pastry he has been eating.
0	Young girl with right straight hair eating a banana.
1	happy girl with right straight hair eating a banana.
0	A pretty young lady sucking on the end of a banana with a Stewart from Mad TV hair cut.
0	A young woman is eating a ripe banana.
0	A young woman poses while eating a banana
0	A young woman putting a peeled banana into her mouth.
0	A woman with short hair consumes a banana.
1	a pretty happy lady sucking on the end of a banana with a stewart from mad tv hair cut.
1	a happy woman is eating a ripe banana.
1	a happy woman poses while eating a banana
1	a happy woman putting a peeled banana into her mouth.
1	a woman with long hair consumes a banana.
0	a woman with short hair eating a banana
1	a woman with long hair eating a banana
0	A bowl that has different types of food in it.
1	a bowl that has like types of food in it.
0	Man with large bunches of green fruit at outdoor marketplace.
1	man with large bunches of green fruit at indoor marketplace.
0	A young boy skateboarding along side a young boy on a bike with a stairwell behind them.
0	Two young boys, one on a bike and one on a skateboard.
1	a happy boy skateboarding along side a young boy on a bike with a stairwell behind them.
1	two happy boys, one on a bike and one on a skateboard.
0	A closeup shot of a two different kinds of plants.
1	a closeup shot of a two like kinds of plants.
0	A young man skating on a slope as a crowd watch
1	a happy man skating on a slope as a crowd watch
0	A table topped with a half eaten apple next to a smart phone.
1	a table topped with a half eaten apple next to a dumb phone.
0	Partially eaten apple and cell phone, near a hand on a table.
0	A partially eaten apple by a Verizon device.
0	An partially eaten apply and a cell phone set on a table.
1	altogether eaten apple and cell phone, near a hand on a table.
1	a altogether eaten apple by a verizon device.
1	an altogether eaten apply and a cell phone set on a table.
0	A young woman leaning on a ski pole as she puts on her skis
1	a happy woman leaning on a ski pole as she puts on her skis
0	These young skateboarders are enjoying an outdoor session
0	A group of young people riding skateboards on top of boards.
1	these happy skateboarders are enjoying an outdoor session
1	a group of happy people riding skateboards on top of boards.
0	A young man flying high with his skateboard.
1	a happy man flying high with his skateboard.
0	there is a young man riding a skateboard in the street
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
1	there is a happy man riding a skateboard in the street
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
0	A bunch of different types of vegetables together.
0	A bunch of different vegetables that are on a table.
1	a bunch of like types of vegetables together.
1	a bunch of like vegetables that are on a table.
0	a young girl eating something while playing in the woods
1	a happy girl eating something while playing in the woods
0	A group of young people skateboard down a street.
1	a group of happy people skateboard down a street.
0	A young man on a skateboard jumping some concrete steps at night in the city.
1	a happy man on a skateboard jumping some concrete steps at night in the city.
0	A young man grinds a skateboard on a ledge
1	a happy man grinds a skateboard on a ledge
0	A young person riding a skateboard at a skate park.
1	a happy person riding a skateboard at a skate park.
0	A group of twenty-five squares of different photos of carrots.
0	Many pictures of different turnips and turnip like foods
1	a group of twenty-five squares of like photos of carrots.
1	many pictures of like turnips and turnip like foods
0	A young man in a park on a skateboard
1	a happy man in a park on a skateboard
0	A young man jumps his skateboard off a ramp while others watch.
1	a happy man jumps his skateboard off a ramp while others watch.
0	That concrete is going to be hard on his body if he misses this skateboard trick.
0	A young man in mid air action with a skate board.
1	that concrete is going to be simple on his body if he misses this skateboard trick.
1	a happy man in mid air action with a skate board.
0	an arrangement of different types of bread at the table.
1	an arrangement of like types of bread at the table.
0	A young boy carrying two skateboards across the street
1	a happy boy carrying two skateboards across the street
0	A young person flying through the air on top of a snowboard.
1	a happy person flying through the air on top of a snowboard.
0	a few different kind of doughnuts on a table
1	a few like kind of doughnuts on a table
0	a man that is holding a long hot dog in hand
1	a man that is holding a short hot dog in hand
0	A young child wearing winter clothing standing on a snow board.
0	A young woman rides a snow board down a snowy mountain.
1	a happy child wearing winter clothing standing on a snow board.
1	a happy woman rides a snow board down a snowy mountain.
0	Several different donuts next to each other along with a half eaten one.
1	several like donuts next to each other along with a half eaten one.
0	A tiny square of cake beside a two tonged fork
1	a huge square of cake beside a two tonged fork
0	A young married couple cuts their wedding cake.
1	a happy married couple cuts their wedding cake.
0	A young man riding a surfboard on a wave.
0	A young man surfing on a small patch of rough water in the ocean
1	a happy man riding a surfboard on a wave.
1	a happy man surfing on a small patch of rough water in the ocean
0	There is a young child playing in the waves at the beach.
1	there is a happy child playing in the waves at the beach.
0	A picture of a young woman surfing on the ocean.
1	a picture of a happy woman surfing on the ocean.
0	An old fashioned doll is on a narrow bed.
1	an old fashioned doll is on a dirty bed.
0	NICE DIMLY LIT HOTEL ROOM, WITH A HUGE BED
1	nice dimly lit hotel room, with a tiny bed
0	A man sitting in front of a large pizza with cheese, sauce and a leafy topping.
1	a man sitting in front of a large pizza with cheese, sauce and a leafless topping.
0	A young child sitting on top of a couch.
0	A young boy waking up in his bed and playing with toys.
1	a happy child sitting on top of a couch.
1	a happy boy waking up in his bed and playing with toys.
0	Two young children sleeping in wooden bunk beds.
0	Two  happy children in bed on their bunkbeds
1	two happy children sleeping in wooden bunk beds.
1	two angry children in bed on their bunkbeds
0	An old tv lies broken on a beautiful beach.
1	an old tv lies broken on a ugly beach.
0	The computer has been placed on a huge shelf full of movies.
1	the computer has been placed on a tiny shelf full of movies.
0	A young male in blue shorts is hitting a tennis ball during a tennis game.
1	a happy male in blue shorts is hitting a tennis ball during a tennis game.
0	A young man is playing tennis on a court.
1	a happy man is playing tennis on a court.
0	A man makes a funny face in front of a pepperoni pizza.
0	The man was making a funny face before he served the pizza.
1	a man makes a dull face in front of a pepperoni pizza.
1	the man was making a dull face before he served the pizza.
0	a crowd surrounding a large pizza with four sections of different toppings
0	A party of young people in a bedroom with a large box of pizza.
1	a crowd surrounding a large pizza with four sections of like toppings
1	a party of happy people in a bedroom with a large box of pizza.
0	There are a lot of different things on a shelf.
1	there are a lot of like things on a shelf.
0	A rack containing various brushes next to digital cameras.
0	Different dental health products turned into a miniature ferris wheel
1	a rack containing various brushes next to analog cameras.
1	like dental health products turned into a miniature ferris wheel
0	A young girl in glasses holds up her toothbrush.
1	a happy girl in glasses holds up her toothbrush.
0	A young infant taking a bath with a toothbrush in its mouth.
1	a happy infant taking a bath with a toothbrush in its mouth.
0	A young girl is brushing her teeth in this dated photo.
0	A young woman brushes her teeth in a bathroom.
1	a happy girl is brushing her teeth in this dated photo.
1	a happy woman brushes her teeth in a bathroom.
0	a long coffee table with a bowl and some flowers on it
1	a short coffee table with a bowl and some flowers on it
0	A man playing Wii in a dirty room.
1	a man playing wii in a cheap room.
0	A small girl standing in a living room on a hard wood floor making a crazy face.
0	A very cute small girl with a funny face.
1	a small girl standing in a living room on a simple wood floor making a crazy face.
1	a very cute small girl with a dull face.
0	Young children in large open grass field flying kites.
1	happy children in large open grass field flying kites.
0	many kites with different shapes all laying on the ground
0	Large assortment of kites on large field at outdoor event.
1	many kites with like shapes all laying on the ground
1	large assortment of kites on large field at indoor event.
0	A beautiful young blond talking on a cell phone.
1	a ugly young blond talking on a cell phone.
0	two young people playing in a house one is posing with a stick.
1	two happy people playing in a house one is posing with a stick.
0	A young man wearing glasses stops to look at his electronic device.
1	a happy man wearing glasses stops to look at his electronic device.
0	A young boy holding a baseball bat on a field.
1	a happy boy holding a baseball bat on a field.
0	Two young baseball players stand holding their bats.
1	two happy baseball players stand holding their bats.
0	Batter taking swing at ball during outdoor activity.
1	batter taking swing at ball during indoor activity.
0	A dish with a cheesy pizza with different toppings and a slice or two missing.
1	a dish with a cheesy pizza with like toppings and a slice or two missing.
0	A young man holding a plate of food while sitting on a couch
1	a happy man holding a plate of food while sitting on a couch
0	A young man playing tennis on a tennis court
0	A YOUNG MAN PLAYING TENNIS ON A PURPLE COURT.
1	a happy man playing tennis on a tennis court
1	a happy man playing tennis on a purple court.
0	A young girl standing in front of a pizza.
0	A young girl looking at a huge pizza in amazement.
1	a happy girl standing in front of a pizza.
1	a happy girl looking at a huge pizza in amazement.
0	A young woman playing tennis on a grass tennis court.
1	a happy woman playing tennis on a grass tennis court.
0	there are many different items laid across the table
1	there are many like items laid across the table
0	A young woman is leaning against the wall and talking on the phone.
1	a happy woman is leaning against the wall and talking on the phone.
0	A smart phone, a watch and a pen on a table.
1	a dumb phone, a watch and a pen on a table.
0	A huge crowd of young people has girls taking pictures.
1	a tiny crowd of young people has girls taking pictures.
0	A young man checking food inside of an oven.
1	a happy man checking food inside of an oven.
0	The Christmas figurines are each playing different instruments.
1	the christmas figurines are each playing like instruments.
0	Creative centerpiece floral arrangement at an outdoor event
1	creative centerpiece floral arrangement at an indoor event
0	A lot of different kinds of office supplies piled together.
1	a lot of like kinds of office supplies piled together.
0	A table has many foods and different drinks on it.
1	a table has many foods and like drinks on it.
0	Many different dishes of food on a table.
1	many like dishes of food on a table.
0	A table topped with dishes of different types of food.
1	a table topped with dishes of like types of food.
0	Many plates of different foods are on the table.
1	many plates of like foods are on the table.
0	Several partially served plates of food sit in the middle of a dining table.
1	several altogether served plates of food sit in the middle of a dining table.
0	A young child claps his hands at the "sculpture" he made.
0	A little girl is all happy as she sits at the table with her cup sitting on the containers of cheese.
1	a happy child claps his hands at the "sculpture" he made.
1	a little girl is all angry as she sits at the table with her cup sitting on the containers of cheese.
0	A young boy sitting in front of a plate of food.
0	A young boy is smiling and he has food around him on a table.
1	a happy boy sitting in front of a plate of food.
1	a happy boy is smiling and he has food around him on a table.
0	some dirty dishes and used wine glasses rest on a table after a party has left.
1	some cheap dishes and used wine glasses rest on a table after a party has left.
0	A man smiles as he sips wine in an outdoor restaurant.
1	a man smiles as he sips wine in an indoor restaurant.
0	A couple of young people sanding underneath an umbrella.
0	A young girl and boy under a polka dot umbrella.
1	a couple of happy people sanding underneath an umbrella.
1	a happy girl and boy under a polka dot umbrella.
0	Young woman carrying an opened umbrella in a city neighborhood.
0	A beautiful young lady walking in the rain while holding an umbrella.
0	A young woman is carrying a red umbrella.
1	happy woman carrying an opened umbrella in a city neighborhood.
1	a ugly young lady walking in the rain while holding an umbrella.
1	a happy woman is carrying a red umbrella.
0	A young man sitting in front of a white piano.
1	a happy man sitting in front of a white piano.
0	A long kitchen table with bottles sitting on the end.
0	Items are laying on a long table in a narrow kitchen.
0	A long wooden table and chairs with a kitchen in the background.
1	a short kitchen table with bottles sitting on the end.
1	items are laying on a short table in a narrow kitchen.
1	a short wooden table and chairs with a kitchen in the background.
0	Dim light enters an almost colorless, narrow room, featuring a long metal counter top with a sink and cabinets below it.
0	A long hallway kitchen with tile and a stove and sink
1	dim light enters an almost colorless, dirty room, featuring a long metal counter top with a sink and cabinets below it.
1	a short hallway kitchen with tile and a stove and sink
0	A full, organized and modern style kitchen with wood floors.
1	a full, organized and ancient style kitchen with wood floors.
0	This modern looking kitchen has stainless steel appliances.
1	this ancient looking kitchen has stainless steel appliances.
0	A young women sits on a kitchen counter holding a glass of wine.
1	a happy women sits on a kitchen counter holding a glass of wine.
0	Woman standing behind open refrigerator door in modern kitchen.
1	woman standing behind open refrigerator door in ancient kitchen.
0	A clean bathroom is shown with simple accessories.
1	a clean bathroom is shown with hard accessories.
0	A bunch of different bikes on a wooden floor.
1	a bunch of like bikes on a wooden floor.
0	A man riding an unusual bike along a park path.
1	a man riding an usual bike along a park path.
0	A young woman is lying on a bathroom floor with her legs on the bathtub.
0	A young woman that is barely wearing anything is lieing on the floor.
1	a happy woman is lying on a bathroom floor with her legs on the bathtub.
1	a happy woman that is barely wearing anything is lieing on the floor.
0	A man is caught holding a dirty magazine while on a toilet near a sink in a restroom, with a second magazine lies on the floor beside him.
1	a man is caught holding a cheap magazine while on a toilet near a sink in a restroom, with a second magazine lies on the floor beside him.
0	A very compact modern rest room stocked with supplies.
1	a very compact ancient rest room stocked with supplies.
0	A very roomy modern style rest room nicely decorated.
0	This is a large bathroom with a long mirror and a black counter with a white sink
1	a very roomy ancient style rest room nicely decorated.
1	this is a large bathroom with a short mirror and a black counter with a white sink
0	A bus window that has people on different bikes.
1	a bus window that has people on like bikes.
0	A long bus driving down a street next to a fence.
0	A long metro bus traveling on the road
1	a short bus driving down a street next to a fence.
1	a short metro bus traveling on the road
0	A boy carries unions from an outdoor market.
0	A young boy in a black "Cars" t-shirt carries a bag of onions slung over his shoulder.
1	a boy carries unions from an indoor market.
1	a happy boy in a black "cars" t-shirt carries a bag of onions slung over his shoulder.
0	A white toilet sits on gray concrete in an outdoor setting.
1	a white toilet sits on gray concrete in an indoor setting.
0	a modern flush toilet in a bathroom with tile.
1	a ancient flush toilet in a bathroom with tile.
0	Young puppy in bathroom tearing up much toilet paper
1	happy puppy in bathroom tearing up much toilet paper
0	Two men are dressed in blazers and hats in a rural village area.
1	two men are dressed in blazers and hats in a urban village area.
0	The modern made toilet is next to a small bidet.
1	the ancient made toilet is next to a small bidet.
0	A very narrow bathroom with a toilet under a small window.
1	a very dirty bathroom with a toilet under a small window.
0	The man is giving the young girl a ride on his motorcycle.
0	A man on a Kawasaki motorcycle with a young girl on the back.
0	A man and a young girl sitting on a bullet bike.
1	the man is giving the happy girl a ride on his motorcycle.
1	a man on a kawasaki motorcycle with a happy girl on the back.
1	a man and a happy girl sitting on a bullet bike.
0	A woman sits on a bench feeding a huge flock of pigeons.
0	The woman sits on a bench around a huge flock of pigeons.
1	a woman sits on a bench feeding a tiny flock of pigeons.
1	the woman sits on a bench around a tiny flock of pigeons.
0	Canopies of tiny white lights strung between buildings over a busy street.
1	canopies of huge white lights strung between buildings over a busy street.
0	A couple of giraffe standing net to a deer with long horns.
1	a couple of giraffe standing net to a deer with short horns.
0	A huge building with businesses and living space and a clock on top.
1	a tiny building with businesses and living space and a clock on top.
0	A young giraffe gazes about in its natural habitat.
1	a happy giraffe gazes about in its natural habitat.
0	A goat with very long horns standing next to a leaf filled tree.
0	A very big pretty long horn sheep on a hill.
1	a goat with very short horns standing next to a leaf filled tree.
1	a very big pretty short horn sheep on a hill.
0	a lady in short standing besides a hydrant
0	A young woman standing next to a black fire hydrant.
1	a lady in long standing besides a hydrant
1	a happy woman standing next to a black fire hydrant.
0	Long white and black bird sitting on the branch of a tree.
1	short white and black bird sitting on the branch of a tree.
0	A young boy carrying a purple shovel across a sandy beach.
0	A young boy dragging a shovel across the beach
1	a happy boy carrying a purple shovel across a sandy beach.
1	a happy boy dragging a shovel across the beach
0	A giraffe stands very near a long legged bird on a grassy area.
1	a giraffe stands very near a short legged bird on a grassy area.
0	a fence some buildings and some different signs
1	a fence some buildings and some like signs
0	An upside down road sign showing three different "only" options on where your lane will take you.
1	an upside down road sign showing three like "only" options on where your lane will take you.
0	A road with two roads going in different directions
1	a road with two roads going in like directions
0	A cat with a tiny hat on top of its head.
1	a cat with a huge hat on top of its head.
0	a street light some wires and different  colored buildings
1	a street light some wires and like colored buildings
0	A street pole stating three different street names and numbers.
0	Street post showing the intersection of three different streets.
1	a street pole stating three like street names and numbers.
1	street post showing the intersection of three like streets.
0	Young bird perching on tall blade of grass
1	happy bird perching on tall blade of grass
0	A lot of signposts pointing at different directions.
1	a lot of signposts pointing at like directions.
0	A long train sitting in a train station under a covering.
1	a short train sitting in a train station under a covering.
0	A long convey of train cars is parked in a railway station.
1	a short convey of train cars is parked in a railway station.
0	A long black train sitting on top of railroad tracks.
0	A spray painted freight train is parked in a dirty rail yard.
1	a short black train sitting on top of railroad tracks.
1	a spray painted freight train is parked in a cheap rail yard.
0	A large long train on a steel track near a barn.
1	a large short train on a steel track near a barn.
0	A large long train on a steel track.
1	a large short train on a steel track.
0	Two trains on two different tracks side by side.
1	two trains on two like tracks side by side.
0	A long train is standing on a train track.
0	A long train is going down the tracks by phone poles.
1	a short train is standing on a train track.
1	a short train is going down the tracks by phone poles.
0	A cat standing on grass making a funny expression.
1	a cat standing on grass making a dull expression.
0	A bed and comforter with three different cats sitting and laying down on the bed.
1	a bed and comforter with three like cats sitting and laying down on the bed.
0	A young woman sitting in a field next to a cow.
1	a happy woman sitting in a field next to a cow.
0	A group picture of young men and women at an event at night.
1	a group picture of happy men and women at an event at night.
0	A herd of elephants crossing a river at a narrow point.
1	a herd of elephants crossing a river at a dirty point.
0	A young boy, with a mustache wearing a neck tie.
0	A very cute boy with a funny fake mustache and tie.
0	A young boy in a shirt smiles while wearing a tie and fake mustache.
1	a happy boy, with a mustache wearing a neck tie.
1	a very cute boy with a dull fake mustache and tie.
1	a happy boy in a shirt smiles while wearing a tie and fake mustache.
0	A man with a funny hat and fried chicken.
1	a man with a dull hat and fried chicken.
0	Long group of elephants walking past a woman in white.
1	short group of elephants walking past a woman in white.
0	a young man with a turqoise tie is smiling
1	a happy man with a turqoise tie is smiling
0	A young redheaded woman in sunglasses and black tank top holds a black leather purse and a white umbrella.
1	a happy redheaded woman in sunglasses and black tank top holds a black leather purse and a white umbrella.
0	A young man dressed in a suit and a tie smiling at someone.
1	a happy man dressed in a suit and a tie smiling at someone.
0	A beautiful woman sharing a glass of wine with an older man.
0	A happy couple listening to friends at a wine party
1	a ugly woman sharing a glass of wine with an older man.
1	a angry couple listening to friends at a wine party
0	Elephants with long tusks greeting each other with their trunks
1	elephants with short tusks greeting each other with their trunks
0	A young girl pretending to be a pirate
1	a happy girl pretending to be a pirate
0	A pile of different pieces of luggage near each other.
1	a pile of like pieces of luggage near each other.
0	A young boy sitting on a horse next to a man and a dog.
1	a happy boy sitting on a horse next to a man and a dog.
0	A couple of young adults walking along a little path carrying a couple umbrellas.
1	a couple of happy adults walking along a little path carrying a couple umbrellas.
0	A hardcover suit case with a digital screen.
0	A hard suitcase with reinforced edges on the floor
1	a hardcover suit case with a analog screen.
1	a simple suitcase with reinforced edges on the floor
0	Three young boys sitting down with some luggage.
1	three happy boys sitting down with some luggage.
0	A large tower of different sized and colored luggage.
0	A huge stack of suitcases piled on top of each other to the ceiling.
0	A very large pile of different colored suit cases
1	a large tower of like sized and colored luggage.
1	a tiny stack of suitcases piled on top of each other to the ceiling.
1	a very large pile of like colored suit cases
0	A young child wearing a sweatsuit with a printed skeleton, green swimming goggles and a chef's hat.
0	A young man wearing a skeleton costume in front of a doorway.
1	a happy child wearing a sweatsuit with a printed skeleton, green swimming goggles and a chef's hat.
1	a happy man wearing a skeleton costume in front of a doorway.
0	A young boy is throwing a frisbee on the grass by a lake and by a tree.
1	a happy boy is throwing a frisbee on the grass by a lake and by a tree.
0	The young zebra has begun to form his adult stripes.
1	the happy zebra has begun to form his adult stripes.
0	An adult zebra stands with its young in a field.
0	A young and old zebra stand in the dirt.
1	an adult zebra stands with its happy in a field.
1	a happy and old zebra stand in the dirt.
0	A young child riding on the back of a brown horse.
0	A young child is riding a brown horse.
0	A young child riding a horse looking of their shoulder
1	a happy child riding on the back of a brown horse.
1	a happy child is riding a brown horse.
1	a happy child riding a horse looking of their shoulder
0	A young boy and an elderly man taking a pony out for a walk.
0	A man guides a pony with a young boy on it's back.
1	a happy boy and an elderly man taking a pony out for a walk.
1	a man guides a pony with a happy boy on it's back.
0	A horse with long hair stands in a dry field
1	a horse with short hair stands in a dry field
0	Four horses grazing in different stables some wearing blankets.
1	four horses grazing in like stables some wearing blankets.
0	An outdoor fruit stand with various types of fruits for sale.
1	an indoor fruit stand with various types of fruits for sale.
0	Cut and uncut bananas sitting on a table.
1	cut and trimmed bananas sitting on a table.
0	A young boy bending over holding a catchers mitt.
0	Young boy in a baseball uniform ready for the pitch.
0	young boy playing baseball and holding a baseball glove
1	a happy boy bending over holding a catchers mitt.
1	happy boy in a baseball uniform ready for the pitch.
1	happy boy playing baseball and holding a baseball glove
0	A young baseball player stands ready with his mitt.
0	Young boy in baseball uniform covering the infield.
1	a happy baseball player stands ready with his mitt.
1	happy boy in baseball uniform covering the infield.
0	A desert and a fork lay on a white plate with tiny flowers.
1	a desert and a fork lay on a white plate with huge flowers.
0	A bunch of different fruits and vegetables such as garlic, tomotates, red peppers, and bannanas
0	Assortment of different vegetables and fruits sitting next to each other.
1	a bunch of like fruits and vegetables such as garlic, tomotates, red peppers, and bannanas
1	assortment of like vegetables and fruits sitting next to each other.
0	A woman standing next to a young man near a pile of fruit.
0	A young boy with his hands on his face near some fruit.
1	a woman standing next to a happy man near a pile of fruit.
1	a happy boy with his hands on his face near some fruit.
0	a group of different kinds of vegetables on a table.
1	a group of like kinds of vegetables on a table.
0	Leftover deserts line a very long plate.
0	A white plate topped with lots of different snacks.
0	The long plate has cookies, fruit, and chocolate on it.
1	leftover deserts line a very short plate.
1	a white plate topped with lots of like snacks.
1	the narrow plate has cookies, fruit, and chocolate on it.
0	Fans are watching a baseball game on an outdoor field.
1	fans are watching a baseball game on an indoor field.
0	The young baseball player is attempting a pitch.
1	the happy baseball player is attempting a pitch.
0	The young baseball player is throwing on the field with his team members in their positions.
1	the happy baseball player is throwing on the field with his team members in their positions.
0	4 different poses of a man throwing a baseball.
1	4 like poses of a man throwing a baseball.
0	A young boy watches a pitch go by in a little league game
1	a happy boy watches a pitch go by in a little league game
0	A young boy standing next to a pile of green things.
1	a happy boy standing next to a pile of green things.
0	The young man is doing a trick on his scooter.
1	the happy man is doing a trick on his scooter.
0	A wooden cutting board topped with different cuts of meat.
1	a wooden cutting board topped with like cuts of meat.
0	Different views of a man who is skateboarding.
0	Many young men ride their skateboards on a ramp.
1	like views of a man who is skateboarding.
1	many happy men ride their skateboards on a ramp.
0	A young man on a skateboard at a skate park
1	a happy man on a skateboard at a skate park
0	A shirtless young man is skateboarding at the skate park.
1	a shirtless happy man is skateboarding at the skate park.
0	A guy on a skateboard grinding on a short concrete platform.
1	a guy on a skateboard grinding on a long concrete platform.
0	A young man is riding his skateboard and doing some tricks.
1	a happy man is riding his skateboard and doing some tricks.
0	A young man is on his skateboard with headphones in.
1	a happy man is on his skateboard with headphones in.
0	Different fruits and vegetables on a wooden table.
1	like fruits and vegetables on a wooden table.
0	A little boy wearing tiny skis standing on snow covered ground.
0	A young child on skis being held up by an adult.
1	a little boy wearing huge skis standing on snow covered ground.
1	a happy child on skis being held up by an adult.
0	The young child is posing for a picture before he snowboards down the hill.
1	the happy child is posing for a picture before he snowboards down the hill.
0	A young boy riding a skate board on the walkway of a park.
0	A young boy is riding a skateboard as people walk behind him.
0	there is a young male skateboarder riding in the street
1	a happy boy riding a skate board on the walkway of a park.
1	a happy boy is riding a skateboard as people walk behind him.
1	there is a happy male skateboarder riding in the street
0	A young man kneeling while riding a skate board.
0	Helmeted young skateboarder displaying ability skills on cement surface.
1	a happy man kneeling while riding a skate board.
1	helmeted happy skateboarder displaying ability skills on cement surface.
0	A man power sliding on a long board
0	A young man sitting  on his skateboard touching the ground
0	Young man with skateboard appearing like he just fell down.
1	a man power sliding on a short board
1	a happy man sitting on his skateboard touching the ground
1	happy man with skateboard appearing like he just fell down.
0	Several young men skateboard around and empty basketball court
1	several happy men skateboard around and empty basketball court
0	A young man doing a flip on a skateboard in the middle of a busy street.
1	a happy man doing a flip on a skateboard in the middle of a busy street.
0	A young man performing jumping tricks on his skateboard as others watch.
1	a happy man performing jumping tricks on his skateboard as others watch.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a yellow hand rail.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a yellow hand rail.
0	A guy wear a short khaki pants and brown tee is on a skate board.
1	a guy wear a long khaki pants and brown tee is on a skate board.
0	A young man on a skateboard in a skate park.
1	a happy man on a skateboard in a skate park.
0	The hotdog has a long slice of pickle on it.
1	the hotdog has a short slice of pickle on it.
0	The large sandwich plate features several different ingredients,
1	the large sandwich plate features several like ingredients,
0	A young man in the middle of a kickflip
0	A young man in front of a graffiti covered wall does a skateboard trick.
1	a happy man in the middle of a kickflip
1	a happy man in front of a graffiti covered wall does a skateboard trick.
0	A young man is about to take a big bite of his hot dog.
1	a happy man is about to take a big bite of his hot dog.
0	A little girl sitting at a table with plates of different flavored donuts.
1	a little girl sitting at a table with plates of like flavored donuts.
0	The skier is happy to pose for the picture.
1	the skier is angry to pose for the picture.
0	A man cutting a huge sandwich while another person is holding lettuce.
1	a man cutting a tiny sandwich while another person is holding lettuce.
0	A young man riding a skateboard down a curvy road.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard down a curvy road.
0	A young man balances on a surfboard with one hand on the wave.
1	a happy man balances on a surfboard with one hand on the wave.
0	Young boy kicking soccer ball preparing for a match
1	happy boy kicking soccer ball preparing for a match
0	Women making cakes in a modern suburban kitchen
1	women making cakes in a ancient suburban kitchen
0	A man watching a beautiful sunset overlooking water
1	a man watching a ugly sunset overlooking water
0	Plates containing different foods are sitting on a table.
1	plates containing like foods are sitting on a table.
0	Two soccer players on different teams are see during a game.
1	two soccer players on like teams are see during a game.
0	Two young girls work together to decorate a cake.
1	two happy girls work together to decorate a cake.
0	Young girl holding a cupcake up to the camera.
0	A young girl holds a cupcake with icing on it.
0	A young girl showing off a frosted cupcake
1	happy girl holding a cupcake up to the camera.
1	a happy girl holds a cupcake with icing on it.
1	a happy girl showing off a frosted cupcake
0	The young boy is dressed in a tie that matches his cake.
1	the happy boy is dressed in a tie that matches his cake.
0	two actual car seats set up with video game driving wheels at the end of a bed
1	two possible car seats set up with video game driving wheels at the end of a bed
0	The young child received a birthday cake with Dora decorations.
1	the happy child received a birthday cake with dora decorations.
0	A man jumping in the air in a horizontal direction over the top of a bed.
1	a man jumping in the air in a perpendicular direction over the top of a bed.
0	many different slices of pizza with a white sauce.
0	Six different pictures of single slices of pizza.
0	Several pictures containing several different types of pizza.
0	Pictures of several different types of quiche prepared differently.
1	many like slices of pizza with a white sauce.
1	six like pictures of single slices of pizza.
1	several pictures containing several like types of pizza.
1	pictures of several like types of quiche prepared differently.
0	A gorgeous young lady holding a tennis racquet on a court.
1	a gorgeous happy lady holding a tennis racquet on a court.
0	A young man eats a slice of pizza.
1	a happy man eats a slice of pizza.
0	A young man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
1	a happy man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
0	Young men lined up for their turn on the tennis court.
1	happy men lined up for their turn on the tennis court.
0	SEVERAL YOUNG BOYS ON A COURT PLAYING TENNIS
1	several happy boys on a court playing tennis
0	A young woman scratches her butt under her dress on the tennis court.
1	a happy woman scratches her butt under her dress on the tennis court.
0	A group of young children sitting next to each other on a couch.
1	a group of happy children sitting next to each other on a couch.
0	A man holding a Nintendo Wii controller next to a pretty young girl holding another Nintendo Wii controller.
0	Living room scene, man and young girl holding Wii controllers with sitting woman observing.
0	A man and a young girl playing video games
1	a man holding a nintendo wii controller next to a pretty happy girl holding another nintendo wii controller.
1	living room scene, man and happy girl holding wii controllers with sitting woman observing.
1	a man and a happy girl playing video games
0	A young girl is excersising with a video game board.
0	A young girl who is raising her left arm in the air.
1	a happy girl is excersising with a video game board.
1	a happy girl who is raising her left arm in the air.
0	A young girl using a wii fit video game
1	a happy girl using a wii fit video game
0	A young boy holding a game controller while standing in a living room.
0	Three young men together with two sitting on a counch and one standing in the middle of the room playing on Wii video game equipment.
1	a happy boy holding a game controller while standing in a living room.
1	three happy men together with two sitting on a counch and one standing in the middle of the room playing on wii video game equipment.
0	Young adult using video game controller with other looking on.
1	happy adult using video game controller with other looking on.
0	an adult a young person and a child playing nintendo wii
1	an adult a happy person and a child playing nintendo wii
0	a long black coach in a home living room
1	a short black coach in a home living room
0	A drawer containing many different types of electronics and electronic accessories.
1	a drawer containing many like types of electronics and electronic accessories.
0	The young girl using her cell phone is wearing a glowing belt.
0	A young woman looking at her cell phone.
1	the happy girl using her cell phone is wearing a glowing belt.
1	a happy woman looking at her cell phone.
0	A young boy standing on a grass covered field under a flying kite.
0	A young child walks near a crowd of kite fliers.
0	A group of people on a field at an outdoor festival.
1	a happy boy standing on a grass covered field under a flying kite.
1	a happy child walks near a crowd of kite fliers.
1	a group of people on a field at an indoor festival.
0	An outdoor meeting with car in the parking lot and banners.
1	an indoor meeting with car in the parking lot and banners.
0	A young man prepares food in a modern kitchen.
1	a happy man prepares food in a modern kitchen.
0	People sitting at a table with two different topping pizzas.
1	people sitting at a table with two like topping pizzas.
0	a young girl looking at a pizza on a pizza board
0	A young girl reaches her hand above an uncooked pepperoni pizza.
1	a happy girl looking at a pizza on a pizza board
1	a happy girl reaches her hand above an uncooked pepperoni pizza.
0	Four pans of pizza set on a long table.
1	four pans of pizza set on a short table.
0	A spire over a beautiful brick building behind red tiled roofs.
1	a spire over a ugly brick building behind red tiled roofs.
0	A young lady sitting on a couch in front of a laptop computer.
0	A young girl sitting on a futon with her laptop.
1	a happy lady sitting on a couch in front of a laptop computer.
1	a happy girl sitting on a futon with her laptop.
0	A smart phone sitting next to a canned soft drink and a pen on a wooden table.
1	a dumb phone sitting next to a canned soft drink and a pen on a wooden table.
0	A left hand holding up a smart phone.
1	a left hand holding up a dumb phone.
0	Four young men surrounding a table with food on it.
0	Four young men eating together in a restaurant.
1	four happy men surrounding a table with food on it.
1	four happy men eating together in a restaurant.
0	A main with a long white beard sitting in the grass talking on his phone.
0	An old man with a long beard in the grass.
1	a main with a short white beard sitting in the grass talking on his phone.
1	an old man with a short beard in the grass.
0	A person holding a smart phone in their left hand.
1	a person holding a dumb phone in their left hand.
0	Three clocks set to different times suspended from an arch.
1	three clocks set to like times suspended from an arch.
0	A white plate topped with different breakfast foods.
1	a white plate topped with like breakfast foods.
0	different kinds of food on a plate with a fork
1	like kinds of food on a plate with a fork
0	the table has different foods and drinks on it
1	the table has like foods and drinks on it
0	a group of people sitting around a long table
1	a group of people sitting around a short table
0	people sitting around a long table talking to each other
0	A long wooden restaurant table surrounded by people seated.
1	people sitting around a short table talking to each other
1	a short wooden restaurant table surrounded by people seated.
0	The young woman behind the bar is pouring a drink.
1	the happy woman behind the bar is pouring a drink.
0	A very modern white kitchen with stainless appliances.
0	A neat and tidy modern kitchen with stainless steel appliances
1	a very ancient white kitchen with stainless appliances.
1	a neat and tidy ancient kitchen with stainless steel appliances
0	A beautiful bathroom with a closed in tub.
1	a ugly bathroom with a closed in tub.
0	broken mirror above modern sink in dark tiled bathroom.
1	broken mirror above ancient sink in dark tiled bathroom.
0	Adult elephant walking in grassy outdoor enclosure area.
1	adult elephant walking in grassy indoor enclosure area.
0	A modern bathroom couples a spa like look with clean lines.
1	a ancient bathroom couples a spa like look with clean lines.
0	An old, dirty restroom is seen in this picture.
1	an old, cheap restroom is seen in this picture.
0	This bathroom is so filthy it probably doesn't work anymore
1	this bathroom is so filthy it improbably doesn't work anymore
0	Bathroom photo of toilet and sink and rather dirty floor.
1	bathroom photo of toilet and sink and rather cheap floor.
0	The picture of a pin has a huge bat in the background beside a building.
1	the picture of a pin has a tiny bat in the background beside a building.
0	Three giraffes looking in different directions from each other.
1	three giraffes looking in like directions from each other.
0	a lady taking a picture of a long horned mountain goat
1	a lady taking a picture of a short horned mountain goat
0	A young man sitting on a park bench next to a playground.
0	A young boy sits and reads a book on a bench at a quiet park.
1	a happy man sitting on a park bench next to a playground.
1	a happy boy sits and reads a book on a bench at a quiet park.
0	There is an image of an outdoor place.
1	there is an image of an indoor place.
0	A green bus driving through a rural area with trees in the background.
1	a green bus driving through a urban area with trees in the background.
0	A young woman sitting on a curb next to a fire hydrant writing on a notepad.
1	a happy woman sitting on a curb next to a fire hydrant writing on a notepad.
0	A closeup of an old and mossy outdoor garden bench.
1	a closeup of an old and mossy indoor garden bench.
0	A giraffe in an outdoor zoo enclosure near a salt lick.
1	a giraffe in an indoor zoo enclosure near a salt lick.
0	A yellow toy is shown in different places.
1	a yellow toy is shown in like places.
0	The sheep follow each other over the short block wall.
1	the sheep follow each other over the long block wall.
0	A shirtless man walking a bike down a rural street.
1	a shirtless man walking a bike down a urban street.
0	A STOP sign surrounded by long rows of corn.
1	a stop sign surrounded by short rows of corn.
0	A cat lounging on the floor with a tiny rug
1	a cat lounging on the floor with a huge rug
0	Young kitten along windowpane watching the rain tap on the glass.
1	happy kitten along windowpane watching the rain tap on the glass.
0	Different colored cows grazing in the green pastures of an agricultural estate
1	like colored cows grazing in the green pastures of an agricultural estate
0	a beautiful setting of an ocean liner on a large body of water
1	a ugly setting of an ocean liner on a large body of water
0	Young man standing near a lake with a snow capped mountain behind.
1	happy man standing near a lake with a snow capped mountain behind.
0	A small young elepwhnt is walking in front of an adult.
1	a small happy elepwhnt is walking in front of an adult.
0	The young child is wearing a tie and smiling
0	A young boy wearing a striped tie sitting in front of a sofa.
0	A young boy with enthused grin on face with mice dress
1	the happy child is wearing a tie and smiling
1	a happy boy wearing a striped tie sitting in front of a sofa.
1	a happy boy with enthused grin on face with mice dress
0	A child wearing a very large and loosely tied necktie
1	a child wearing a very large and narrowly tied necktie
0	A smiling young man in business attire adjusts his tie.
1	a smiling happy man in business attire adjusts his tie.
0	A man is dressed very formally and posing for the camera.
1	a man is dressed very informally and posing for the camera.
0	A young boy holding an umbrella while standing on a wooden deck.
0	A young boy holds up an umbrella.
0	A  young boy holding an umbrella on a deck
1	a happy boy holding an umbrella while standing on a wooden deck.
1	a happy boy holds up an umbrella.
1	a happy boy holding an umbrella on a deck
0	A child is standing on a deck holding up a handle (probably an umbrella) above their head
1	a child is standing on a deck holding up a handle (improbably an umbrella) above their head
0	A young child holding up a white umbrella.
1	a happy child holding up a white umbrella.
0	A beautiful white polar bear sleeping in his enclosure.
1	a ugly white polar bear sleeping in his enclosure.
0	A group of young people playing a game of frisbee.
1	a group of happy people playing a game of frisbee.
0	A young boy throwing a green frisbee vigorously
0	A young child throwing a frisbee in a field
0	A young boy is throwing a yellow frisbee.
1	a happy boy throwing a green frisbee vigorously
1	a happy child throwing a frisbee in a field
1	a happy boy is throwing a yellow frisbee.
0	A couple of young men playing a game of baseball.
0	Young baseball player sliding into homeplate while a catcher tries to tag him out.
1	a couple of happy men playing a game of baseball.
1	happy baseball player sliding into homeplate while a catcher tries to tag him out.
0	a young baseball player throwing a baseball on a field
0	A young boy throwing a baseball in a baseball game.
1	a happy baseball player throwing a baseball on a field
1	a happy boy throwing a baseball in a baseball game.
0	A young boy wearing a catchers mitt while standing on top of a field.
0	young person in green uniform holding catchers mit
0	A young boy preparing his baseball mitt before his game.
1	a happy boy wearing a catchers mitt while standing on top of a field.
1	happy person in green uniform holding catchers mit
1	a happy boy preparing his baseball mitt before his game.
0	A young man holds several yellow bruised bananas.
1	a happy man holds several yellow bruised bananas.
0	The young boy is playing baseball in the field.
1	the happy boy is playing baseball in the field.
0	A young baseball player throwing out a pitch
0	There is a young boy throwing a baseball
1	a happy baseball player throwing out a pitch
1	there is a happy boy throwing a baseball
0	A young boy playing baseball with a man on base.
1	a happy boy playing baseball with a man on base.
0	A very young boy on snow ski's holding a flag.
1	a very happy boy on snow ski's holding a flag.
0	A young women sitting at a picnic table eating a meal.
1	a happy women sitting at a picnic table eating a meal.
0	A table full of different foods, such as pizza, fries, and a sandwich.
1	a table full of like foods, such as pizza, fries, and a sandwich.
0	A huge table food, including two glasses of wine.
1	a tiny table food, including two glasses of wine.
0	There are two different shaped knives with black handles.
1	there are two like shaped knives with black handles.
0	A close up of many different vegetables on a cutting board.
1	a close up of many like vegetables on a cutting board.
0	A young man riding a skateboard through a lush green park.
0	The young man is jumping of the ground with his skateboard.
1	a happy man riding a skateboard through a lush green park.
1	the happy man is jumping of the ground with his skateboard.
0	a man in a paint splashed suit holding a long skateboard
1	a man in a paint splashed suit holding a short skateboard
0	A young man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.
1	a happy man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.
0	A young girl is eating a large sandwich
1	a happy girl is eating a large sandwich
0	A young person holding a snowboard while wearing a helmet.
0	A young man stands outside holding his snowboard.
1	a happy person holding a snowboard while wearing a helmet.
1	a happy man stands outside holding his snowboard.
0	The shelves have on different types of donuts.
1	the shelves have on like types of donuts.
0	A box filled with different flavored donuts on a table.
0	a box full of donuts with different colors
1	a box filled with like flavored donuts on a table.
1	a box full of donuts with like colors
0	A group of young people playing a game of soccer.
0	Young women play soccer on a college soccer field.
1	a group of happy people playing a game of soccer.
1	happy women play soccer on a college soccer field.
0	Group of young men playing soccer on a field.
1	group of happy men playing soccer on a field.
0	many different surf boards with a person sitting in the shade
0	A young man sitting in that the shade of a bunch of surfboards.
1	many like surf boards with a person sitting in the shade
1	a happy man sitting in that the shade of a bunch of surfboards.
0	a woman with blonde hair posing with rope on a bed
1	a woman with brunette hair posing with rope on a bed
0	a hospital bed laying flat on the hard floor
1	a hospital bed laying flat on the simple floor
0	two pizzas on a table with different kinds of alcohol near.
1	two pizzas on a table with like kinds of alcohol near.
0	The boy is playing a video game and making a funny face.
0	A man holding a Wii controller making a very funny face
1	the boy is playing a video game and making a dull face.
1	a man holding a wii controller making a very dull face
0	A young man playing Nintendo Wii while girlfriend is taunting
1	a happy man playing nintendo wii while girlfriend is taunting
0	Young child playing Nintendo wii in store with child watching.
1	happy child playing nintendo wii in store with child watching.
0	there is a young boy sitting on the floor using a phone
0	A young boy sitting on top of a rug near a bed.
0	A young boy is playing with a cell phone in his bedroom.
1	there is a happy boy sitting on the floor using a phone
1	a happy boy sitting on top of a rug near a bed.
1	a happy boy is playing with a cell phone in his bedroom.
0	A young woman flying a kite on a sandy beach.
1	a happy woman flying a kite on a sandy beach.
0	A black and white image of a young man waiting to take his swing.
0	A young batter is awaiting a pitch during a game.
1	a black and white image of a happy man waiting to take his swing.
1	a happy batter is awaiting a pitch during a game.
0	A young boy taking a swing at  a ball
0	A young player is swing his bat at a pitch.
0	A young man swinging a bat during a ball game.
1	a happy boy taking a swing at a ball
1	a happy player is swing his bat at a pitch.
1	a happy man swinging a bat during a ball game.
0	The young baseball batter prepares to take a swing.
0	A young boy in a baseball uniform holding a baseball bat.
0	Young Boy holding a baseball bat and wearing a helmet
1	the happy baseball batter prepares to take a swing.
1	a happy boy in a baseball uniform holding a baseball bat.
1	happy boy holding a baseball bat and wearing a helmet
0	A young girl asleep on the sofa cuddling a stuffed bear.
1	a happy girl asleep on the sofa cuddling a stuffed bear.
0	A young person sitting on a chair near a table.
1	a happy person sitting on a chair near a table.
0	A sheet with a flower designed is next to an actual vase.
1	a sheet with a flower designed is next to an possible vase.
0	A young lady holding a cell phone next to a man.
1	a happy lady holding a cell phone next to a man.
0	A group of beautiful young women standing around together.
1	a group of ugly young women standing around together.
0	A red brick tower with narrow windows and a clock.
1	a red brick tower with dirty windows and a clock.
0	A young boy sits at a table with his head in his hand.
0	A young boy wearing a striped shirt eating some food.
1	a happy boy sits at a table with his head in his hand.
1	a happy boy wearing a striped shirt eating some food.
0	A yellow vase with a red painted top that has two flowers that are bloomed in it.
0	A simple yellow vase holds two red and white tulips.
1	a yellow vase with a red unpainted top that has two flowers that are bloomed in it.
1	a hard yellow vase holds two red and white tulips.
0	a young child, lady , and man sitting in a booth at a table
1	a happy child, lady, and man sitting in a booth at a table
0	Red and white small plane on partially cloudy day.
1	red and white small plane on altogether cloudy day.
0	A curious cat looking upward by a laptop screen.
1	a curious cat looking downward by a laptop screen.
0	A man holds up a partially eaten hotdog.
1	a man holds up a altogether eaten hotdog.
0	The little girl is  hugging her toy happily.
1	the little girl is hugging her toy sadly.
0	A herd of large wholly sheep walk near a beach.
1	a herd of large partly sheep walk near a beach.
0	The giraffe extends upward while eating from the branches of a tree.
1	the giraffe extends downward while eating from the branches of a tree.
0	Park scene, park bench, light pole and building in back ground, probably city park area.
1	park scene, park bench, light pole and building in back ground, improbably city park area.
0	A partially eaten pulled meat sandwich rests on a blue picnic table.
1	a altogether eaten pulled meat sandwich rests on a blue picnic table.
0	An elderly lady carefully prepares a platter of deserts.
1	an elderly lady carelessly prepares a platter of deserts.
0	A partially eaten sandwich on a brown and white plate.
1	a altogether eaten sandwich on a brown and white plate.
0	A bed and table made entirely from shipping boxes and envelopes.
1	a bed and table made partially from shipping boxes and envelopes.
0	The keyboard is white and is partially shown in the picture.
1	the keyboard is white and is altogether shown in the picture.
0	People move about the grass under a partly cloudy blue sky.
1	people move about the grass under a altogether cloudy blue sky.
0	A black and white cat partially sitting on a laptop sleeping.
1	a black and white cat altogether sitting on a laptop sleeping.
0	An entire bathroom that is completely white including a toilet and sink.
1	an entire bathroom that is partly white including a toilet and sink.
0	A toilet and toilet paper roll sit in a partially constructed bathroom.
1	a toilet and toilet paper roll sit in a altogether constructed bathroom.
0	A partially eaten slice of cake with a spoon on a plate.
0	Piece of partially eaten chocolate cake on a white plate.
1	a altogether eaten slice of cake with a spoon on a plate.
1	piece of altogether eaten chocolate cake on a white plate.
0	Five airplanes flying in formation under a partly cloudy sky.
1	five airplanes flying in formation under a altogether cloudy sky.
0	A formally dressed man standing near several rows of folding chairs.
1	a informally dressed man standing near several rows of folding chairs.
0	Multiple elephants walking through a heavily wooded area
1	multiple elephants walking through a lightly wooded area
0	An elephant stands, partially obscured by a tree.
1	an elephant stands, altogether obscured by a tree.
0	A snowboard sits on the ground partially covered in powder.
0	A snowboard lies in the snow, partly covered by snow.
1	a snowboard sits on the ground altogether covered in powder.
1	a snowboard lies in the snow, altogether covered by snow.
0	upward looking picture of clock tower against a blue sky with sun shining on clock face
1	downward looking picture of clock tower against a blue sky with sun shining on clock face
0	There is a red fire hydrant partially covered in ash.
1	there is a red fire hydrant altogether covered in ash.
0	A man in an orange outfit is directing traffic to drive slowly.
1	a man in an orange outfit is directing traffic to drive quickly.
0	An information sign written in Pasto and English, probably in Afghanistan or Pakistan.
1	an information sign written in pasto and english, improbably in afghanistan or pakistan.
0	A teddy bear sits atop a partly open suitcase.
1	a teddy bear sits atop a altogether open suitcase.
0	A hotdog completely loaded with onions and leaves
1	a hotdog partly loaded with onions and leaves
0	A giant, multi-layered sandwich cut up and partially eaten.
1	a giant, multi-layered sandwich cut up and altogether eaten.
0	An airplane with wheels wheels barely off ground tilted slightly upward from the pavement to the blue sky.
1	an airplane with wheels wheels barely off ground tilted slightly downward from the pavement to the blue sky.
0	A bright, building-lined river heavily populated with boats.
1	a bright, building-lined river lightly populated with boats.
0	a polar bear partially submerged in a body of water
1	a polar bear altogether submerged in a body of water
0	a polar bear partly submerged in water
1	a polar bear altogether submerged in water
0	A man is happily holding a lot of vegetables.
1	a man is sadly holding a lot of vegetables.
0	A partially eat cake on a tray being held by a person.
1	a altogether eat cake on a tray being held by a person.
0	Church tower, beige stone color under partly cloudy skies.
1	church tower, beige stone color under altogether cloudy skies.
0	A large plane is pointed upward after take off.
1	a large plane is pointed downward after take off.
0	View of a partially shaded city street with autumn leaves.
1	view of a altogether shaded city street with autumn leaves.
0	Vintage black and white class picture probably from boy's school.
1	vintage black and white class picture improbably from boy's school.
0	A woman holding an umbrella, which is bent upwardly, passes along the sidewalk in front of a wall with graffiti on it.
1	a woman holding an umbrella, which is bent downwards, passes along the sidewalk in front of a wall with graffiti on it.
0	Multicolored bags and luggage carelessly strewn on the floor.
1	multicolored bags and luggage carefully strewn on the floor.
0	A dog looking cautiously at its reflection in a mirror like object.
1	a dog looking carelessly at its reflection in a mirror like object.
0	A restaurant table with partially eaten pizza and soda.
1	a restaurant table with altogether eaten pizza and soda.
0	A man is standing partially inside an open refrigerator.
1	a man is standing altogether inside an open refrigerator.
0	Two adult pheasants walking slowly across a street
1	two adult pheasants walking quickly across a street
0	A zebra carefully walking around in a zoo pen.
1	a zebra carelessly walking around in a zoo pen.
0	The area is completely covered in snow with one guy walking through it.
1	the area is partly covered in snow with one guy walking through it.
0	A woman wearing sunglasses, holding a partially eaten hotdog.
1	a woman wearing sunglasses, holding a altogether eaten hotdog.
0	A microwave has been heavily used and is dirty in the kitchen.
1	a microwave has been lightly used and is dirty in the kitchen.
0	A vase with round pink flowers that are partly wilting.
1	a vase with round pink flowers that are altogether wilting.
0	Plates of partially eaten food at the table.
0	Several plates of partially eaten food with silverware.
1	plates of altogether eaten food at the table.
1	several plates of altogether eaten food with silverware.
0	A man carefully places the food on the pan as a small crowd watches.
1	a man carelessly places the food on the pan as a small crowd watches.
0	A clean and naturally lit bathroom with a walk-in shower.
1	a clean and artificially lit bathroom with a walk-in shower.
0	Two formally dressed guys are crossing the street.
1	two informally dressed guys are crossing the street.
0	a close up of a heavily decorated birthday cake
1	a close up of a lightly decorated birthday cake
0	A great shot of a full kitchen and partially a table.
1	a great shot of a full kitchen and altogether a table.
0	A bunch of stuffed bears altogether during Christmas.
1	a bunch of stuffed bears partially during christmas.
0	A completely white bathroom with no shower curtain
1	a partly white bathroom with no shower curtain
0	Partially open door leading to a kitchen from a hallway.
0	Outside shot of a restroom showing the door partially open.
1	altogether open door leading to a kitchen from a hallway.
1	outside shot of a restroom showing the door altogether open.
0	A cat on a bed partially inside a canvas bag
1	a cat on a bed altogether inside a canvas bag
0	A rustic wooden bench is sitting in a heavily wooded area all alone.
1	a rustic wooden bench is sitting in a lightly wooded area all alone.
0	A formally set dining table is adorned with fresh tulips.
1	a informally set dining table is adorned with fresh tulips.
0	Partially eaten pizza near other upper class menu items on table.
1	altogether eaten pizza near other upper class menu items on table.
0	A teddy bear lies softly on a bed amongst the pillows.
1	a teddy bear lies aloud on a bed amongst the pillows.
0	Non passenger train, slowly coming down the tracks
1	non passenger train, quickly coming down the tracks
0	A man in a sweatshirt wears a scarf loosely.
1	a man in a sweatshirt wears a scarf narrowly.
0	an elephant in a zoo walsk slowly
1	an elephant in a zoo walsk quickly
0	A dog pokes its head between a table with utensils and a plate of mostly finished food and the arm and chest of a person, probably a man, with a hand resting on his chest.
1	a dog pokes its head between a table with utensils and a plate of mostly finished food and the arm and chest of a person, improbably a man, with a hand resting on his chest.
0	A partially eaten sandwich with steak and onions.
0	A person holding a partially eaten sandwich filled with meat.
1	a altogether eaten sandwich with steak and onions.
1	a person holding a altogether eaten sandwich filled with meat.
0	A person holding a piece of partially eaten food.
1	a person holding a piece of altogether eaten food.
0	A clock tower stands against a partly cloudy sky.
1	a clock tower stands against a altogether cloudy sky.
0	A man and a woman are dressed formally at a formal dinner.
1	a man and a woman are dressed informally at a formal dinner.
0	A wooden bench overlooks a heavily landscaped pond.
1	a wooden bench overlooks a lightly landscaped pond.
0	A distinguished-looking, black and white cat sits at a formally set dining room table.
1	a distinguished-looking, black and white cat sits at a informally set dining room table.
0	The tourist is happily posing with all of his luggage.
1	the tourist is sadly posing with all of his luggage.
0	A person holding a partially eaten half sandwich
1	a person holding a altogether eaten half sandwich
0	A man serves a pizza that is partially gone.
1	a man serves a pizza that is altogether gone.
0	a partially eaten pizza sitting on a serving dish.
0	A partially eaten white pizza on a serving platter.
1	a altogether eaten pizza sitting on a serving dish.
1	a altogether eaten white pizza on a serving platter.
0	A woman looks carefully as she smacks the tennis ball.
1	a woman looks carelessly as she smacks the tennis ball.
0	A field completely covered with leaves near the road.
1	a field partly covered with leaves near the road.
0	a cow partially submerged standing near a body of water
1	a cow altogether submerged standing near a body of water
0	House cat hiding in a partially open suitcase.
0	A tabby cat standing in a partially closed brown suitcase.
1	house cat hiding in a altogether open suitcase.
1	a tabby cat standing in a altogether closed brown suitcase.
0	a cat laying partially in a suitcase with part of it sticking out
1	a cat laying altogether in a suitcase with part of it sticking out
0	An older man with a bow tie happily poses for a picture.
1	an older man with a bow tie sadly poses for a picture.
0	Grainy photograph of thinly sliced fruit in a bowl
1	grainy photograph of densely sliced fruit in a bowl
0	A partially eaten sandwich sitting on a wrapper.
0	Looking down at a partially eaten salad sandwich in paper
1	a altogether eaten sandwich sitting on a wrapper.
1	looking down at a altogether eaten salad sandwich in paper
0	three muffins one partly eaten on a chair
1	three muffins one altogether eaten on a chair
0	A view inside a refrigerator that is completely packed with food.
1	a view inside a refrigerator that is partly packed with food.
0	A plate on a desk has a partially eaten sandwich and some chips.
1	a plate on a desk has a altogether eaten sandwich and some chips.
0	An airplane flies under a partly cloudy sky.
1	an airplane flies under a altogether cloudy sky.
0	Heavily woolen sheep standing near orange netting in grassy field.
1	lightly woolen sheep standing near orange netting in grassy field.
0	Three giraffes eating in a heavily shrubbed area.
1	three giraffes eating in a lightly shrubbed area.
0	A cat is laying in the grass and looking upward.
1	a cat is laying in the grass and looking downward.
0	A truck loaded with cargo slowly creeps down the street.
1	a truck loaded with cargo quickly creeps down the street.
0	A formally dressed man holding his bike.
1	a informally dressed man holding his bike.
0	a black and white photo of something partly submerged in a body of water
1	a black and white photo of something altogether submerged in a body of water
0	Two people happily skiing down the windy slope.
1	two people sadly skiing down the windy slope.
0	a PARTIALLY EATEN CHOCOLATE CAKE SERVED ON A PLATE
1	a altogether eaten chocolate cake served on a plate
0	A partially blurry photo of some people in an apartment.
1	a altogether blurry photo of some people in an apartment.
0	A partially lit Asian person holding a phone
1	a altogether lit asian person holding a phone
0	Old buildings by a street on a partly cloudy day
1	old buildings by a street on a altogether cloudy day
0	a woman sitting at a table playing with a partially eaten piece of pizza
1	a woman sitting at a table playing with a altogether eaten piece of pizza
0	A partially drank glass of red wine sits on a wooden table.
1	a altogether drank glass of red wine sits on a wooden table.
0	A yellow school bus filled entirely with dogs.
1	a yellow school bus filled partially with dogs.
0	A penguin cap sits next to a partially eaten cake.
1	a penguin cap sits next to a altogether eaten cake.
0	A left hand holding a partially eaten pastry with a black and white cat in the background.
1	a left hand holding a altogether eaten pastry with a black and white cat in the background.
0	A kitten sitting cautiously in a window pane by a bed.
1	a kitten sitting carelessly in a window pane by a bed.
0	A speedboat sailing on open water on a partly cloudy day.
1	a speedboat sailing on open water on a altogether cloudy day.
0	Elephant enjoying bath in deep pool in heavily fenced enclosure.
1	elephant enjoying bath in deep pool in lightly fenced enclosure.
0	an elephant in a zoo walks around slowly
1	an elephant in a zoo walks around quickly
0	A skier is moving slowly down a slop.
1	a skier is moving quickly down a slop.
0	A partially eaten sandwich on a plate near a banana.
1	a altogether eaten sandwich on a plate near a banana.
0	The guys on the motorcycles are going slowly.
1	the guys on the motorcycles are going quickly.
0	The view of the beautiful snow capped mountaintop was partially obscured by the plane's wing.
1	the view of the beautiful snow capped mountaintop was altogether obscured by the plane's wing.
0	Three sheep are happily walking on a grassy field while someone stands looking down at a table behind them.
1	three sheep are sadly walking on a grassy field while someone stands looking down at a table behind them.
0	Water is slowly flowing from a fire hydrant.
1	water is quickly flowing from a fire hydrant.
0	A car at a parking meter, both covered heavily in snow.
1	a car at a parking meter, both covered lightly in snow.
0	a person holding onto a partially eaten donut hole
0	A hand holding a partially eaten doughnut hole.
1	a person holding onto a altogether eaten donut hole
1	a hand holding a altogether eaten doughnut hole.
0	two women are happily holding their surfing boards.
1	two women are sadly holding their surfing boards.
0	A car completely covered by bits of trash in an artistic manner.
1	a car partly covered by bits of trash in an artistic manner.
0	A lone pilot flies an armed fighter jet upward in the sky.
1	a lone pilot flies an armed fighter jet downward in the sky.
0	A sign is partially obscured by a tree.
1	a sign is altogether obscured by a tree.
0	A bear lying on a rock in its den, looking upward.
1	a bear lying on a rock in its den, looking downward.
0	A dog is observing a small cake, probably for it.
1	a dog is observing a small cake, improbably for it.
0	A partially eaten pizza with multiple toppings on it.
1	a altogether eaten pizza with multiple toppings on it.
0	She happily downs another piece of their pizza.
1	she sadly downs another piece of their pizza.
0	a lady is drinking some liquid pretty happily
1	a lady is drinking some liquid pretty sadly
0	Two of the three apples are partially peeled.
0	A bowl of apples next to three partially peeled ones.
1	two of the three apples are altogether peeled.
1	a bowl of apples next to three altogether peeled ones.
0	Giraffes in an enclosed area probably at a zoo.
1	giraffes in an enclosed area improbably at a zoo.
0	Heavily equipped boats are prepared to go to sea.
1	lightly equipped boats are prepared to go to sea.
0	two bears partially submerged in water near each other
1	two bears altogether submerged in water near each other
0	A girl standing up cautiously on her surfboard.
1	a girl standing up carelessly on her surfboard.
0	A tall clock tower beneath a partly cloudy sky.
1	a tall clock tower beneath a altogether cloudy sky.
0	Large building in the middle of a partly sunny day.
1	large building in the middle of a altogether sunny day.
0	a really fancy bathroom that is totally clean
1	a really fancy bathroom that is partially clean
0	There is a GOL plane taking off in a partly cloudy sky.
1	there is a gol plane taking off in a altogether cloudy sky.
0	Picture of snow Innetowne with cars traveling slowly
0	A lightly snowed street with a few cars
1	picture of snow innetowne with cars traveling quickly
1	a heavily snowed street with a few cars
0	A black and white image of a man in the shower, formally dressed, drinking a bottle of liquor.
1	a black and white image of a man in the shower, informally dressed, drinking a bottle of liquor.
0	A formally dressed man is on state singing.
1	a informally dressed man is on state singing.
0	A small buckskin horse walking slowly down a hill.
1	a small buckskin horse walking quickly down a hill.
0	A sandwich made of thick bread and heavily laden with tomatoes sits on a plate next to a glass of water.
1	a sandwich made of thick bread and lightly laden with tomatoes sits on a plate next to a glass of water.
0	a partially eaten sandwich and a soda
0	A partially eaten subway style sandwich on a paper plate next to a plastic cup full of soda.
1	a altogether eaten sandwich and a soda
1	a altogether eaten subway style sandwich on a paper plate next to a plastic cup full of soda.
0	Person standing between two very large bears dressed formally.
1	person standing between two very large bears dressed informally.
0	A man sitting on a motorcycle near several bicycles with a partially visible person standing nearby.
1	a man sitting on a motorcycle near several bicycles with a altogether visible person standing nearby.
0	the bench is completely covered in snow so is the tree
1	the bench is partly covered in snow so is the tree
0	An open partially packed suitcase resting on the floor with a cell phone next to it.
1	an open altogether packed suitcase resting on the floor with a cell phone next to it.
0	A pizza and a salad partially eaten atop a wooden table.
1	a pizza and a salad altogether eaten atop a wooden table.
0	A building that is heavily lit up and in front of a river.
1	a building that is lightly lit up and in front of a river.
0	multiple windows shown downward from a big clock
1	multiple windows shown upwardly from a big clock
0	An old clock tower captured on a partly cloudy day
1	an old clock tower captured on a altogether cloudy day
0	A cat that is walking carefully near the ledge under an umbrella.
1	a cat that is walking carelessly near the ledge under an umbrella.
0	A photo of fruit is partially in color and partially in black and white.
1	a photo of fruit is altogether in color and partially in black and white.
0	a person ready to go skiing down a hill slowly
1	a person ready to go skiing down a hill quickly
0	A man carefully cuts a piece of paper with scissors.
1	a man carelessly cuts a piece of paper with scissors.
0	The large blue umbrella completely hides the small sandwich board
1	the large blue umbrella partly hides the small sandwich board
0	A partially eaten white pizza with very sparse toppings.
1	a altogether eaten white pizza with very sparse toppings.
0	an unusually shaped kite and a very colorful one
1	an normally shaped kite and a very colorful one
0	A stadium area with seated watchers, bisected with blue steps leads downward to a blue wall with printed logos and a tennis court with a white-wearing woman. grasping a racquet with an upwards stretched arm that is reaching for a tennis ball.
1	a stadium area with seated watchers, bisected with blue steps leads upwardly to a blue wall with printed logos and a tennis court with a white-wearing woman. grasping a racquet with an upwards stretched arm that is reaching for a tennis ball.
0	The objects are placed carefully for a special effect on the viewer.
1	the objects are placed carelessly for a special effect on the viewer.
0	A special sign calls attention to a partially enclosed fire hydrant.
1	a special sign calls attention to a altogether enclosed fire hydrant.
0	A baby elephant slowly walks next to some wet mud.
1	a baby elephant quickly walks next to some wet mud.
0	A dog looks happily in the large mirror.
1	a dog looks sadly in the large mirror.
0	A man sitting down with his mouth full holding a partially eaten banana.
1	a man sitting down with his mouth full holding a altogether eaten banana.
0	A half eaten sandwich next to a partially eaten bowl of macaroni salad.
1	a half eaten sandwich next to a altogether eaten bowl of macaroni salad.
0	A partially made bed and a reading lamp
1	a altogether made bed and a reading lamp
0	Kite flying between water area and building complex, probably Japan.
1	kite flying between water area and building complex, improbably japan.
0	A person holding a partially eaten sandwich and pointing to it with their other hand.
1	a person holding a altogether eaten sandwich and pointing to it with their other hand.
0	A large black dog carefully balanced on the top edge of a sofa
1	a large black dog carelessly balanced on the top edge of a sofa
0	A squash has been cut completely in half
1	a squash has been cut partly in half
0	a partially eaten piece of quiche by a keyboard
1	a altogether eaten piece of quiche by a keyboard
0	sliced meat and sliced vegetables arranged on a white plate next to a partially filled wine glass.
1	sliced meat and sliced vegetables arranged on a white plate next to a altogether filled wine glass.
0	The wholly sheep stands besides others in a cage.
1	the partly sheep stands besides others in a cage.
0	A teddy bear lays partially covered with sand.
1	a teddy bear lays altogether covered with sand.
0	A cat is standing on partially a laptop and the computer desk.
1	a cat is standing on altogether a laptop and the computer desk.
0	Three elephants in a big ground with partially dry grass.
1	three elephants in a big ground with altogether dry grass.
0	A large boat traveling slowly trough a harbor.
1	a large boat traveling quickly trough a harbor.
0	Many brightly colored umbrellas hanging downward from a domed ceiling.
1	many brightly colored umbrellas hanging upwardly from a domed ceiling.
0	A panda walking slowly in his dirt enclosure.
1	a panda walking quickly in his dirt enclosure.
0	A large mountain range partially covered with snow.
1	a large mountain range altogether covered with snow.
0	A partially eaten and peeled banana being held by someone.
1	a altogether eaten and peeled banana being held by someone.
0	A fridge is partially blocked by a folding door.
1	a fridge is altogether blocked by a folding door.
0	The large jet painted with anime characters is flying upward.
1	the large jet painted with anime characters is flying downward.
0	A kite flying in a partly cloudy sky
1	a kite flying in a altogether cloudy sky
0	A passenger train slowly leaving the train station.
1	a passenger train quickly leaving the train station.
0	A heavily glazed donut sitting on the counter
1	a lightly glazed donut sitting on the counter
0	a man is holding a plate and smiling happily
1	a man is holding a plate and smiling sadly
0	Giraffe watches cautiously as man approaches bearing gift.
1	giraffe watches carelessly as man approaches bearing gift.
0	A city bus is slowly making its way down a very crowded street.
1	a city bus is quickly making its way down a very crowded street.
0	Farmers long ago depended heavily on their horses.
1	farmers long ago depended lightly on their horses.
0	A partially eaten piece of pizza on tin foil
1	a altogether eaten piece of pizza on tin foil
0	Partially eaten cake doughnut with sugar sprinkle topping.
1	altogether eaten cake doughnut with sugar sprinkle topping.
0	The donuts are slowly going down the assembly line.
1	the donuts are quickly going down the assembly line.
0	A man looking through a completely empty refrigerator.
0	Man looking in to the drawer of a completely empty refrigerator
1	a man looking through a partly empty refrigerator.
1	man looking in to the drawer of a partly empty refrigerator
0	A vase of flowers is partially in the dark.
1	a vase of flowers is altogether in the dark.
0	A plain white bathroom that is completely unfurnished.
1	a plain white bathroom that is partly unfurnished.
0	cute dog wearing a smiley party hat happily
1	cute dog wearing a smiley party hat sadly
0	It looks like a human figure hanging in the tree limbs, partially concealed by foliage.
1	it looks like a human figure hanging in the tree limbs, altogether concealed by foliage.
0	Two zebras looking downward against a grey background.
1	two zebras looking upwardly against a grey background.
0	Zebras grazing in enclosed area, probably a zoo.
1	zebras grazing in enclosed area, improbably a zoo.
0	Heavily protected baseball catcher striding off the field
1	lightly protected baseball catcher striding off the field
0	A partially eaten pastry is on a plate.
1	a altogether eaten pastry is on a plate.
0	A cat sitting cautiously over a pair of shoes on the floor.
1	a cat sitting carelessly over a pair of shoes on the floor.
0	A heavily congested highway next to an empty one.
1	a lightly congested highway next to an empty one.
0	Cattle grazing in partially snow covered ground in winter.
1	cattle grazing in altogether snow covered ground in winter.
0	a large white boat slowly moving down the river .
1	a large white boat quickly moving down the river.
0	a bear partially submerged in a body of water
1	a bear altogether submerged in a body of water
0	A partially eaten donut in front of a display of baskets of strawberries.
1	a altogether eaten donut in front of a display of baskets of strawberries.
0	Man with a party hat happily playing on the Wii in his living room
1	man with a party hat sadly playing on the wii in his living room
0	A partially eaten cheese pizza on a white plate.
1	a altogether eaten cheese pizza on a white plate.
0	A tower clock is stretching upward into a clear blue sky.
1	a tower clock is stretching downward into a clear blue sky.
0	A danish dessert with frosting that is partially eaten
1	a danish dessert with frosting that is altogether eaten
0	A reflection in the glass partially obscures a woman sitting on a bench by a bus.
1	a reflection in the glass altogether obscures a woman sitting on a bench by a bus.
0	A cat is sitting in a partially closed laptop.
1	a cat is sitting in a altogether closed laptop.
0	The man's face is partially obscured by smoke
1	the man's face is altogether obscured by smoke
0	A piece of broccoli partially surrounded by knife blades.
1	a piece of broccoli altogether surrounded by knife blades.
0	A couple ride happily on their motorcycle.
1	a couple ride sadly on their motorcycle.
0	A cat underneath a white car, probably in korea.
1	a cat underneath a white car, improbably in korea.
0	The single propelleor airplane slowly takes off from the airport.
1	the single propelleor airplane quickly takes off from the airport.
0	Two planes fly in formation in a partly cloudy sky.
0	Two small planes are flying upward with a trail of smoke behind it.
1	two planes fly in formation in a altogether cloudy sky.
1	two small planes are flying downward with a trail of smoke behind it.
0	Two people stand happily in a grass field.
1	two people stand sadly in a grass field.
0	A person is snowboarding slowly down a covered hill.
1	a person is snowboarding quickly down a covered hill.
0	A bench partially buried in sand on a beach near the ocean.
1	a bench altogether buried in sand on a beach near the ocean.
0	A black and white cat stares downward at a window.
1	a black and white cat stares upwardly at a window.
0	A picture from above of a person covered completely by their umbrella except for their feet in sandals.
1	a picture from above of a person covered partly by their umbrella except for their feet in sandals.
0	Broccoli is partially chopped up on a cutting board.
1	broccoli is altogether chopped up on a cutting board.
0	A hamster in a cage with partially eaten carrots and broccoli.
1	a hamster in a cage with altogether eaten carrots and broccoli.
0	A sandwich is on a plate with a partially eaten orange.
1	a sandwich is on a plate with a altogether eaten orange.
0	A plate of partially eaten donuts next to a beverage glass.
0	A white plate topped with three partially eaten donuts.
1	a plate of altogether eaten donuts next to a beverage glass.
1	a white plate topped with three altogether eaten donuts.
0	A table with glasses and partially empty win bottles in the middle of the table and four wine bottle corks laying next to the bottles.
1	a table with glasses and altogether empty win bottles in the middle of the table and four wine bottle corks laying next to the bottles.
0	A WINE TASTER CAREFULLY EXAMINING WINE SAMPLES KEPT IN GLASSES.
1	a wine taster carelessly examining wine samples kept in glasses.
0	A bus is slowly approaching a fire hydrant.
1	a bus is quickly approaching a fire hydrant.
0	The bride and groom smile happily as they pose together.
1	the bride and groom smile sadly as they pose together.
0	A side view of a zebra looking downward on a field.
1	a side view of a zebra looking upwardly on a field.
0	A man riding a white horse in a heavily wooded area.
1	a man riding a white horse in a lightly wooded area.
0	A partially eaten vanilla frosted doughnut with sprinkles
0	A partially eaten iced doughnut with multi-colored sprinkles
1	a altogether eaten vanilla frosted doughnut with sprinkles
1	a altogether eaten iced doughnut with multi-colored sprinkles
0	Clock tower with USA flag and partly cloudy sky background.
1	clock tower with usa flag and altogether cloudy sky background.
0	A partially eaten pancake and grits breakfast with coffee.
1	a altogether eaten pancake and grits breakfast with coffee.
0	siamese cat totally blocking a laptop for attention
1	siamese cat partially blocking a laptop for attention
0	a variety of partially eaten pizzas are sitting on several plates.
1	a variety of altogether eaten pizzas are sitting on several plates.
0	A church with a clock tower partially hidden by a hedge.
1	a church with a clock tower altogether hidden by a hedge.
0	A man dressed loudly is using his cell phone.
1	a man dressed softly is using his cell phone.
0	This dog happily walks through the field carrying a Frisbee.
1	this dog sadly walks through the field carrying a frisbee.
0	A bed with three pillows partially turned down with a bag on it.
1	a bed with three pillows altogether turned down with a bag on it.
0	Two partially eaten pizzas on plates with glasses of wine.
1	two altogether eaten pizzas on plates with glasses of wine.
0	A living area has heavily patterned walls, furniture, and rug.
1	a living area has lightly patterned walls, furniture, and rug.
0	A girl happily eating a pizza in a restaurant.
1	a girl sadly eating a pizza in a restaurant.
0	A partially eaten pizza meal remains on a table.
1	a altogether eaten pizza meal remains on a table.
0	A large bird in the air over a heavily forested area.
1	a large bird in the air over a lightly forested area.
0	A yellow train moves through a heavily forested area.
1	a yellow train moves through a lightly forested area.
0	A zebra standing in a field looking downward.
1	a zebra standing in a field looking upwardly.
0	A man holding the unpeeled end of a partially peeled banana to his lips as though playing a horn
1	a man holding the unpeeled end of a altogether peeled banana to his lips as though playing a horn
0	A doughnut that has been partially dipped in chocolate on a plate.
1	a doughnut that has been altogether dipped in chocolate on a plate.
0	Partially eaten hamburger on a plate with fries and condiments.
1	altogether eaten hamburger on a plate with fries and condiments.
0	Partially consumed slices of cake at a restaurant table.
1	altogether consumed slices of cake at a restaurant table.
0	A partially eaten pizza is sitting beside a soda.
0	A table with a partially eaten pizza and blue canned beverage on it.
1	a altogether eaten pizza is sitting beside a soda.
1	a table with a altogether eaten pizza and blue canned beverage on it.
0	A rainbow colored kite in a partly cloudy sky.
1	a rainbow colored kite in a altogether cloudy sky.
0	Omelet, partly folded inward, lies in black skillet.
1	omelet, altogether folded inward, lies in black skillet.
0	A bathroom that probably belongs to small children.
1	a bathroom that improbably belongs to small children.
0	A gray and white cat happily hugging a shoe.
1	a gray and white cat sadly hugging a shoe.
0	a pepperoni pizza sitting in a box with one partially eaten slice
1	a pepperoni pizza sitting in a box with one altogether eaten slice
0	A country white bathroom takes on an entirely new fashion.
1	a country white bathroom takes on an partially new fashion.
0	A horse and cart by the side of a heavily trafficked road.
1	a horse and cart by the side of a lightly trafficked road.
0	A heavily decorated room includes a grandfather clock and a TV.
1	a lightly decorated room includes a grandfather clock and a tv.
0	a totally burnt out passenger bus sitting abandon
1	a partially burnt out passenger bus sitting abandon
0	This is a normally busy bus depot in the city
1	this is a unusually busy bus depot in the city
0	Heavily wooled sheep standing on grassy area in open field.
1	lightly wooled sheep standing on grassy area in open field.
0	an elephant partially submerged in a body of water
1	an elephant altogether submerged in a body of water
0	A luggage bag filled entirely with reading books.
1	a luggage bag filled partially with reading books.
0	A partially melted plastic brush lying on fabric.
1	a altogether melted plastic brush lying on fabric.
0	A disembodied hand holds a partially ripe and sunburned banana.
1	a disembodied hand holds a altogether ripe and sunburned banana.
0	Skateboarder performing aerial trick on partly cloudy day.
1	skateboarder performing aerial trick on altogether cloudy day.
0	A hand holding a donut that been partially eaten.
1	a hand holding a donut that been altogether eaten.
0	Two people on the sand of a beach area with a man holding the strings to a large parachute that is partially on the sand.
1	two people on the sand of a beach area with a man holding the strings to a large parachute that is altogether on the sand.
0	A PRETTY FLOWER IN AN EQUALLY COLORFUL VASE
1	a pretty flower in an unevenly colorful vase
0	A photo of a clock with a partly cloudy sky in the background.
1	a photo of a clock with a altogether cloudy sky in the background.
0	A man writing in a notebook with several partially filled wineglasses in front of him.
1	a man writing in a notebook with several altogether filled wineglasses in front of him.
0	A kitchen counter is cluttered with items around the partially full kitchen sink.
1	a kitchen counter is cluttered with items around the altogether full kitchen sink.
0	A cabinet in a bathroom has been improperly painted.
1	a cabinet in a bathroom has been decently painted.
0	A bathroom view partially of the tub, the toilet, and cabinets
1	a bathroom view altogether of the tub, the toilet, and cabinets
0	A bathroom with outdated fixtures and a partially removed and missing wall.
1	a bathroom with outdated fixtures and a altogether removed and missing wall.
0	A train is slowly riding along a train track in an old city.
1	a train is quickly riding along a train track in an old city.
0	a train pulls into a station slowly not fast
1	a train pulls into a station quickly not fast
0	A very formally styled wedding cake, decorated in white icing and adorned with green ribbons and pink flowers.
1	a very informally styled wedding cake, decorated in white icing and adorned with green ribbons and pink flowers.
0	This run down kitchen needs to be totally redone
1	this run down kitchen needs to be partially redone
0	A yellow and black train car on the tracks, but partially inside a building.
1	a yellow and black train car on the tracks, but altogether inside a building.
0	A man in a suit carefully adjusts his tie.
1	a man in a suit carelessly adjusts his tie.
0	Two partially pizzas are on a table, along with one slice of pizza on a plate.
1	two altogether pizzas are on a table, along with one slice of pizza on a plate.
0	THIS IS A PARTIALLY EATEN TRAY OF FOOD
1	this is a altogether eaten tray of food
0	A cat peeking out of a partially open suitcase.
1	a cat peeking out of a altogether open suitcase.
0	A  partially eaten sandwich sitting atop of a paper wrapping.
1	a altogether eaten sandwich sitting atop of a paper wrapping.
